If you're angry *about* something or something really bugs you and you want to rant about it, please don't post it here. Your post will be removed. There are other subreddits that may be more appropriate for your post, including /r/rant, /r/angry, and /r/offmychest.If you're uncertain about whether your post is concerned with anger management, then it probably isn't. If you're still not sure, feel free to [message the mods](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAnger&subject=&message=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2Fanger) and ask us before submitting. Thanks for reading, and thanks to all of you who have helped make this a thriving venue for discussion of anger and anger management. 
Ok so here is my situation. So I'm in study hall and class is about to be over and I just want to go home. There's 2 exits out of the room, and one of them was pretty much blocked by a group of dirtballs who smelled like feces and as if they haven't showered in 4 weeks. Anyway, that exit was the closest to the parking lot where I could get to my truck and gtfo. So I try and get through the smelly dirtballs so I could get by the door before the bell rang, and one of them intentionally rubbed their fucking hand in my face. I tell him to fuck off. Then the dirtball starts dry-humping my bag. By this point I was about to drop everything and beat the fuck outta this kid (my day wasn't exactly wonderful and I haven't fought anybody in like 5 years so why not?) and then instead I just told him to Fuck off again. I felt as if I had an unfair advantage to begin with since he had only one hand (other one wasn't fully devolped). Was this the right response? Is there anything I can do to help me calm down in a time of instantaneous anger and stress?
Does anyone else feel like they expect too much out of your friends and are let down? I have friends that I hang out with occasionally but more often we play online games together. They do things that hurt my feelings and make me angry. For example, we all planned to get on at 8 and start up a match of a game. I get on at 8 and they are all already playing. They didn't wait, they didn't text me or let me know they were gonna start it. We play together a lot. When I get on I ask why they didn't wait for me they just say things like "oh". Then silence. They just keep playing. No apology. No "sorry man"   "we'll get you on the next one"   Nothing. It really hurts me and they seem to not care at all. If we did the same to one of them they might just roll it off, but I can't. To me, that's not how "friends"  treat each other. I get very angry over this. I want to scream at them. I just want an apology. I don't want to have to ask for it. I want then to understand that it hurts my feelings but I feel like expressing that to them makes me weak. I don't know. Can anyone else relate to this?
I am new here guys and I'm not sure how to go about this so I'm just going to give it a shot here it goes.I get angry over little or stupid things. Then it builds up and I fight with my wife over stupid things. Once the fight starts I say things that are so mean then after wards I feel bad for what I said which I should. Im looking for advice on how to control any anger.
I bury my anger and frustration, I always have. Lately it's been coming out and it just makes me angrier that it is because I believe it's affecting my friendships with my friends. I need help on how to vent all these years of buried anger safely and in a way that's healthy. I need help. 
Hello first time posting here i'd like to know any tips i could, i've gotten better over the years but still have bouts of anger nothing violent but i would prefer not to have em.
This might sound reeeeeallly strange, but bear with me. All around stress and unhealthy living has caused my temper to explode and I hate the person I've become. I used to be someone people thought of as sweet and happy, now I'm just known as a bitch. I'm trying to overhaul things (eating healthier, exercising, cutting out toxic relationships). Then I realized I follow mostly political pages on social media and it's contributing to my anger in a big way. I know getting rid of social media period would be best, but I use social media often for my work and I'm in an LDR and it makes it easy to keep in touch with my BF. So basically, do y'all know of any Facebook pages that share positive content or funny content? I feel like surrounding myself with more positive things would help. Thank you! 
I don't know if its mood swings, but sometimes when I play a video game or something doesn't go right, I get so angry and frustrated. About 50% of the time I'm ok. I can deal with a lot of pressure and crap and remain calm. But for some reason, the remaining 50% is me not able to control my emotions. I feel like I have  I control over myself and that I'm just pure idiotic. I believe it's because my expectations for myself are too high, and when I don't meet them, I get frustrated. I especially hate it when I'm playing games with my dad. When we play, I feel like the biggest douchebag because he just wants to be positive and play games while I'm shouting and yelling because of stupid simple stuff. I need serious help. I feel bad for making my dad go through my crap.
Hi guys, first time posting here. I searched this reddit because I want to become a better person. I become angry over the smallest of things with people, especially in my relationship. It's effecting a lot of things and I'm not sure what to really do. I'm currently seeing a counselor and hoping to discuss my anger and figure out what I can do. I start to get angry when I try to get someone's attention and I don't get it, which is starting to become a huge issue in my relationship. Even the smallest annoyances (my brother pestering me if even my younger brother crying) will cause me to get angry and fidgety. I've tried to talk calmly and not yell when I spoke with my boyfriend about a ridiculous dream that caused me a bit of anxiety and wanted some reassurance and he said I was being passive aggressive and was still being angry. I became upset and felt like a failure cause I thought I was doing a good job of staying away from anger (since I normally yell and get critical). My head is all over the place, especially when I get angry and it seems like I can't bring myself to focus on what I am doing to stop myself from doing it. I'll only realize after when I'm already yelling and upset. My mom told me last year that because of my attitude, I'll end up being alone and I've been so scared about that. Now that my boyfriend is on the brink of leaving me because of my anger, I feel like a terrible person who will end up alone because of how mean I am. Sorry this is long, but what are some ways to control anger when you feel that you will explode at that very moment? I'm the pursuer type so when there's a conflict, I want to fix it immediately so sometimes walking away to calm down doesn't work for me very well. Any suggestion is appreciated!
Researchers pair acoustical analysis with brain mapping to understand how children process emotion in speech and how it might influence their development: https://www.eurekalert.org/pub_releases/2016-12/asoa-hdc112316.php
Do you guys ever just FUCKING shout out in the middle of the street??I do it, not with the intention of feeling better, but with other aims, and then as an unintended consequence I feel better.Maybe I should do it more.Maybe I need a shouting buddy?Maybe there should be a shouting corner.
When my wife and I fight, I get angry, and I internally rationalize my anger, and then I turn around and say HORRIBLE things to her. I don't shout, and I've never even come close to violence, but I say judgemental, condescending things that are calculated to hurt her as much as possible. And they do. Sometimes I think they're worse than violence. Help me be better.
Some background info regarding my current predicament:I live in a country currently en route to complete social and economic collapse. Everywhere you go you encounter deadpan faces, apathy, and most of all - abundant incompetence.Nobody greets anybody. Nobody says please nor thank you. Most of the time people mess up your order/reservation/booking and couldn't give a rat's ass to help fix it.Lawlessness is pervasive and generally everything feels like pulling teeth and swimming upstream - as most workers move at a glacial pace and are doing you a huge favour by helping you at all.Roadrage is the norm and crime has everybody on edge. Racial tensions are worse than ever and the government is rotten to the core with nepotism and corruption.We travel quite a bit and recently I have had to deal with foreigners over the phone as well as email to facilitate our emigration process, and it is crystal clear that our country's situation is toxic and it's slowly poisoning everyone in it.I believe myself to be a very efficient and friendly guy. I like to be nice to people and to get the job done to its best; however, lately I find myself approaching every scenario with coiled up energy and explode at the slightest sign of any incompetence, apathy and/or uselessness.This has lead me to have such anxiety and anger issues that I am currently on medication for it.We are emigrating in 6 months' time. How do I survive the turmoil until then? Becuase I know these 6 months are going to feel like years, just like with any other situation in life where the end of an uncomfortable scenario is coming to an end.
Hello there! Straight to the point, I feel angry on many occasions daily, If I want to debate or argue with someone, I lose my temper or at least raise my volume (which I want to control but I don't know how because I love debating and think it's one of the best ways to gain knowledge) and on ocassions when I'm home alone. I just love to taunt myself and get myself angry against mirror and yell and curse and yell even more. I don't know what the hell is happening but it was like this for more than 2 years that I can think of and it's getting frustrating because I'm in a relationship right now and it's one of my GF's concerns. 
Hi everyone,I am angry a lot due to prolonged abuse by my parents. I need to find a safe and yet sufficiently expressive way to turn this anger from me into the outside world. I would love to find a safe place to scream my guts out and rant as much as I need. Does anyone have any suggestions? I cant do it in my apt because of neighbours. Also, I would like to punch and smash/cut/stab things. I got a punching bag but I dont know how to position it so it does not disturb the neighbours. It is a standing punching bag. Any ideas are welcome. Anyone knows an alternative to punching bag that is apartment friendly? Thanks.
Today for example, I went to the bank after work to make a deposit using the ATM, and the damn thing took the $400 I had inserted into the machine, malfunctioned and shut down without depositing the money into my account or giving me a reciept of any kind. I immediately went into full rage mode and was about one dumb move away from punching a hole in the screen and smashing it to bits. I mean I work hard for that money, and for the machine to break on me like that, on a Sunday where there is no customer service, with no real evidence that I even attempted to make a deposit apart from the camera, leaves me feeling like I want to murder someone. I feel justified in my anger because potentially losing $400 dollars has very real consequences on my bills and whatever else. I also feel hopeless because it's like all the work I did this past week was essentially for nothing at the blink of an eye. So now I have to get up at 7 am tomorrow morning to go talk to someone at the bank, and hope that they can recover the money for me. I picture the possibility of it being a complete hassle, but I really hope that it's not. I'm trying to prepare myself now so that in the event that it is a hassle, I don't get upset and can keep a clear head. Regardless, now that I've calmed down a few hours later after a nap (God I feel like a child), I feel like shit for acting like an asshole infront of my family and treating them badly when all they were trying to do is help. I'm not the kind of person that blows up all of the time, but when I do get upset, the rage catches me off guard and it literally consumes me. In that moment I feel as if the only way to feel better is to  destroy something or bash someone's skull in, while I stomp around like a tyrant, slamming things and cursing excessively. Obviously, none of those things are healthy and they're potentially harmful. So for those of you who deal with similar types of rage, what tips or tricks do you have that will stop/prevent me from getting so angry in the future? It doesn't feel all that great when the dust settles and you're left with having to apologize for being an asshole. Anywho. Thanks a bunch for taking the time to read this. If anything, it feels good to write it out.
I read somewhere that deep and chronic anger is a mask for pain. Anger makes us all feel so powerful and destructive, a contrast to how hopeless and weak I am as a person.I was bullied and am often taken advantage of in smaller ways. I've been depressed a few times and I guess my outbursts and anger allow me to be in control for once.I hate it, though. No matter how angry I get, I'm not powerful. I'm just a bitter asshole and everyone knows it. I'm very sensitive so in the end, I'm the only loser. What you say to me will stick around longer than what I say to you.I feel miserable being so angry all the time.
Since then I have been trying to gather the courage to finally hurt this guy. The place I play MTG at was so nice before he started playing.Several months ago I misspoke, I meant to say "baboon" but I accidentally said "bamboo". and he would not stop going on about it. I told him to say "bamboo" again. He did. I was gearing up thinking of what I should to him when another friend said "he called your bluff." I knew from that moment, I was going to hurt him.I am angry. I miss MTG before he showed up.I wish this guy would die. :( 

two yeas ago I used to be calm, well, very calm.since I joined college I gradually became a different person, now I'm totally different. I curse a lot, I hate lots of things and people.a week ago something strange happened to me, out of nowhere my head began to heat and my face became red and I felt angr for no obvious reason. the day was tough but this happened later in the night. it felt like shit, I could do nothing about it, and felt so helpless, anything i'd do would look unreasonable.btw, I never shouted at someone i know or don't know, I'm calm but it's like i'm always burning with anger. I can only be angry at home so only mum saw me shouting and screaming and also crying.
You see, I'm a 27 male and I recently realized I had anger issues. It took me quite some time to realize it, since I destroyed 2 romantic relationships I had (2 years long each one). Never really had a relationship with my sister (she is 32) and broke many, many, MANY videogames, joysticks, chairs, windows, doors, tools, anything.Anyway, after that introduction let me say that I never even thought about my anger as something bad. Actually I was proud of it. I felt good when I was raging so to me it was something amazing. That feeling of being powerful, of having people scared of me, that was great. It made me feel big, great, strong. Not physically, but strong in a sense that I was a force to be reckoned with. Thats the point I wanted to get to, being reckoned, noted, praised, etc. That's what become important to me in my life and for 27 years I didn't realized it.What do I mean? Well, the thing is. During my last breakup (5 months ago) I hit rock bottom. I was in a abusive relationship (I was the abuser of course) and when she ended it I was lost. I threatened to kill myself, I ran away from my home and left a note talking about how sorry I was for everything in my life and that was it. My family and my ex ended up finding me and then I had to deal with my shit for the first time. Being angry wasn't going to cut anymore. My anger would kill me the next time, for sure. I would do something really dumb to me and to others, probably. So I looked for professional help. Months later and I now realize that what is so deep within me is a strong desired to be loved, to be admired, to be desired. And when things don't go this way I become angered because I think I deserve those things. When I lose in a videogame it's because I'm dumb/weak and people will know that and stop thinking I'm smart/strong. If someone break up with me people will realize I'm not a good boyfriend, I suck. If I'm angry, it doesn't give space for people to think bad things about me. As long as they fear me, they will see me as someone of value. At least that was what I felt and thought for so long. My anger was a way for me to escape the fact that I don't really know how to deal with rejection, with not being praised. And the surprising thing is that I despise people like that, blindly making me believe I was not like them. But I am. I have flaws, many, and I have a deep fear of being destroyed by them. I hide them since I can remember but that is what is ending up destroying me. Anyway, my advice for everyone here is to think about your flaws and trying your best to become a better person. Don't let your anger make you destroy your relationships and make people around you suffer. It's ok to want to be loved, praised and desired. Everyone wants that as well. So open yourself to people, talk to them, work together. Everyone has flaws as well, don't hide yours, work around them. Share them with people so you can become better together. I never really talked about my feelings with anyone since I was a child, and for the last 5 months I have been doing that and it's just amazing how it can help. If you sometimes think people won't give you a chance anymore, think that you can't be helped, that your time is over. Don't let it go to your head and control you. You still have chances, you have time, you can be helped. The people you lost, that's it, it happened. But the future is there and you haven't lost yourself yet. Look for help, friends, family, professional help, anything. Just go. No more lies, no more hiding behind your anger. Sorry for the big post and probably bad english. I hope this can end up helping someone. Bye.
I put myself in a situation where I have harmed someone I care about; I spoke and did many things out of anger. I want to heal this rift. Right now, it seems that I can only heal it energetically. But I think my anger is going to prevent it. So, how have you been able to let go of your anger towards someone you care about?

Hello, I just found this subreddit out of necessity  and have been reading to help me get a feel for this is all about. I have been struggling with passive anger for my whole life (26) (mostly directed at myself) I just wanted to talk with people of a similar disposition if possible. I don't really understand whats going on with me but I am seeing a counselor for a while now and I haven't brought this into the spotlight with her yet as I am a very contained person. I told her many things about my behaviors to get up to date with who is am so she can help me based on what she (from her experience) might think is important . But I find I still cant express myself fully , (I cant be fully direct and honest, and I don't know why) I have rarely lost my temper with another person but can take the simplest transgression out on myself to extremes. Right now I am studying for an exam due in a week ( Just started back into education ) and I am In the top 10 % of my class yet when I struggle with anything I get extremely frustrated and take it out on myself  such as thinking that I am stupid and will never amount to anything. Part of my rage is due to the fact  I wont take actions to help myself get out of my situation (Like skipping college all this week  due to anxiety). I just spent the last 2 hours self harming before I finally got the courage to make this post. I would never hurt anyone else  (it would kill me inside) But I shouldn't hurt myself either. It felt like the only way to make sense of things in my head, and now, afterwards I was able to calm and write this , Has anyone else got a problem like this? I would love to discuss experiences with you             
The rage.I hate it, but you know what he sickest part is? I love it at the same time, the sudden power when i rage is insane, the frenzy. It's the feeling of regret that comes after, when i reflect on what i am capable of doing in this frenzy. I don't like to hurt anyone, i don't like yelling at anyone.I just want peace in my mind, lay the rage and anger to rest. Not sure if i will ever fully be abel to.It helps reading what you guys write, i feel i'm not alone. But i know now that i need help. I'm a male 21 by the way and i realized not long ago that i have anger issues. 
I've been working on getting more sleep, and I've always exercised a lot (basically everyday at high intensity), but I'm currently recovering from a back injury and I'm finding it hard to manage my excess energy with the limited exercise I can do.Are there things I can do in my day to day that will make me less prone to getting angry in general? I don't mean managing anger when it happens, but rather changing my brain chemistry or something to change my reaction to things.I used to play video games a lot but I found competitive gaming was definitely one of the sources of my anger. I also once turned to a severe drug habit (and have since gone cold sober).I'm not sure if this makes sense, but after getting angry at my girlfriend this morning for something stupid, I'm really getting worried I'll never have this under control and I can see it harming the people around me.Thanks!
My husband says I need to start expressing everything in my head so I don't let them build up and we wind up having full-blown fights because of my repressed anger, which has happened a few times this past year.I don't agree. When I'm in a bad mood, hormonal (ugh) or I'm tired, I feel like my thoughts are very petty (though they don't feel that way until I examine them later.) I don't really think it's a good idea to share every single annoyance in my head. I pretty much just stay quiet.What do you guys do? Does it help to express yourself to your partner when you're annoyed by the little things (the way they chew gum, to give a petty, made-up example).What do you do with all the annoyances that build up after a while?  Do you think it's good to express these things to someone ? Do you just let it pass and deal with it later? Perhaps engage in a hobby?Thanks!
Sorry. This title makes it sound like an /r/rant post. My emotions and anger got the better of me.I like to go play magic and board games but this guy is so inconsiderate and condescending. What do you guys do in these situations?
Mine is usually venting to myself or typing it out. If push comes to shove I try to sleep on it.
Sorry for a long post. When I was younger, about 10, I used to get incredibly angry. I grew up in a very broken family, with lots of domestic violence and I used to get angry all the time, frequently going into full rage mode, breaking things, mostly toys my mom got me. My father left when I was about 7, and my mom used to buy my lots of toys, because she didn't know how to give real love to her children. When I smashed some of the things I used to cry, feeling bad for the things I lost. I used to be like that a couple more years until child services took me and my sister away. I'm 21 now, and I got a lot calmer over the years, I do get angry from time to time, but never enough to break things. But this week I got really depressed. I wanted to listen to some music a couple days back, and I grabbed my new earphones. The thing is they just won't fit into my ears, I tried a lot of different tips, but they just won't fit properly. And I tried them one more time, ofcourse they didn't fit and I got into complete rage mode and just torn them apart, I'm not a very strong guy but I found strenght I usually don't have. A couple of hours ago I played Forza on my computer. I kept failing to complete some challenges and I just lost it. I unplugged my controller, (which I really love, I got it only a couple of months ago), and slammed it into my desk. It split apart on one end, but the rage was still in me, just burning me inside, so I grabbed it by the cable and smashed it into the floor a couple of times. Parts were flying and I just stopped, picked up the pieces and sat on my bed for a couple of minutes. I don't know how to help myself, I asked my family if I could get some time with a psychiatrist, but they said it's too expensive. I just want to talk to someone, but I don't have any real friends or a girlfriend to talk to about my anxiety and anger. Can anyone give me any advice? Thanks
I get into extremely angry rages sometimes. Sometimes they're about really stupid stuff, and I know most of it can be solved by a normal, adult conversation. I've tried reading up on anger management, but in the moment, all I want to do is berate and scream at whoever that is and I say really mean things and I really, really hate it because I always regret it later. In the moment, I really can't control myself. I've been angry and said "I'm really angry, I'll talk to you later" but then later comes and the same exact shit just comes out in the same exact aggressive manner. I definitely have impulse control issues. I don't know how to fix this. Is therapy my only option for this situation? 
Hello everybody, M/17 here. I usually do not have fits of rage of the kind I have read around here and I consider myself a pretty level headed person and am usually very calm. My friends and teachers even consider me emotionally inexpressive. Whenever I get angry at somebody, I am able to think of the consequences of any move I am about to make, and stop immediately. However this is starting to get frustrating.There are times when I feel like I should have probably shouted at the person I am angry at and done some crazy stuff. Feeling this is very frustrating, I feel like I have no way to actually vent out my anger. *No, exercise doesn't help with this*, neither does anything else, I keep feeling that I should probably get angry or something, but then whenever I am angry I am afraid of doing something stupid.There was this one time I had argument with my classmate and he managed to get on my nerves and I decided I couldn't take it anymore and screamed and shouted at him like hell, I remember getting home and feeling really satisfied with the whole thing. The issue is that in this case the guy I was dealing with was an asshole, however I cannot go about screaming and shouting at everybody I am angry at (or can I?). Again, screaming at this guy made me feel really good but I usually restrain myself and I feel that holding in my anger is not very healthy for me emotionally and physically.If it continues like this I am afraid I will end up having some serious mental/emotional problems and I don't like the thought of that.Footnote: I am very well fed most of the time; I sleep for 6-7.5 hours every night; Workout every other day;
Ok, so here's the thing, my gf (she's 15 I'm 16) gets mad about the stupidest things, and after that we both feel miserable and she's just sick of being like this and wants to change to not hurt me or our relationship anymore. So, any tips to help her manage her anger?If it is of any help I'll let you know she has few friends, is quite shy (I never appreciate enoguh how brave she was to tell me that she loved me), doesn't have exactly good grades and her father treats her like shit. He sometimes hits her and stuff, I want her to leave that house asap. Also her mother never defends her against her father and...well I think that's it. I'd love to get some help from you guys, really want to make that relationship work
I'm angry at work, im angry at home, and I'm uncontrollably so. I get violent, loud and impossible to deal with over most things. Whether it be someone at work neglecting their job or i get killed in video games. I just broke a 40$ headset because it was between that or throwning my controller through a 40 inch flatscreen. Please help me. I can't live like this, im afraid im going to hurt someone or lose my job. 
This seems to be the one thing that brings out this rage in me. It's petty, and I think that bothers me on top of failing at this game. Not sure what I can do to enjoy it rather than be enraged
I get irrationally angry when I fail at doing something. Recently this something has been driving. And my girlfriend usually takes the brunt of my anger. I NEVER physically hit her ever in our 6 year relationship, but I have screamed at her in public and called her names (Nobitch or cunt. Even in anger I know to avoid these two.) And with my latest tirade I think I may have lost her and now I am depressed.I can't seem to control my anger when it comes to anything driving or failure. I failed my test and took it out on her. I messed up with a U-turn she told me to do in traffic and took it out on her. I may even be envious of her for getting her license while I failed.I really need help to control my anger if I have any chance of her taking me back. But I really think that ship has sailed and that makes me more angry than ever.
I just need to put this out there. I don't have a lot of tolerance these days and it's getting worse. I get pissed at people driving mostly, but other times too. I avoid crowds. I don't know what the hell has gotten up my ass but I know it's a mid life crisis stress thing. I need to snap out of it and live like I used to but part of me says that ain't gonna happen so I need to learn to deal with this. I am going to work on it. Freakin ego.
I'm 15. I get mad over stupid things and it's usually only with my mom. Today it got so bad that the cops were called. I'm not going to give the full story but let's just say that if it happens again, I'm gonna be sent somewhere. So what exactly should I do to stop me in the process of being angry towards her
I'm a gas attendant in Nj, by an island where some rich people with sticks up their asses and the usual crack head. I try my best not to be an asshole when people yell what they want at me but its gets me in a shiity mood usually, when I'm in a good mood. I also get mad when people cant say please or thank you, I go you're welcome, some get mad and complain so I'll get in trouble (doesn't happen to much).  What are some steps to controlling my Anders towards customers other than getting another job?
Okay so I'm 18, it's my senior year of high school, and I just want to leave this place. I go to an all guys, private catholic high school. You know, the type with all the arrogant rich white guys. Long story short, I hate everyone because everyone is so loud, obnoxious, unintelligent, cocky, inconsiderate, and disrespectful. It's gotten to the point to where I've began lashing out at my classmates both physically and verbally, without thinking. This is very uncharacteristic of me and I've done a lot to combat this already. I've quit teams/clubs, I eat alone, I sit alone, I don't talk to anybody anymore, and I don't go to school events. Some guys have begun to see this and like to tease me when they see me in class, so classtime has simply become unbearable. What can I do? I hate losing control and choking people (yes I've done that and worse). None of the counselors seem to get it, they all see it as guys "joking around." 
Im a 14 year old male from Sweden and i have some serious anger problems. I usally get mad at stupid and childish things like when my ping is really high during a game of league. But when someone hurts me physically i dont really care at all. My dad has similar problems but its not on the scale as of my own. I can slowly feel my anger building up until i explode. When it happens i always need something to vent it on like feeling physical pain or just punching and breaking something. I get very destructive at moments like this and i could deffiently hurt people bad if they push me too far. Please help me
I'm told I'm a drama queen. I hate that shit. I've been called that by my father when I was a little girl, when I would share how I'm feeling. That makes me feel like my feelings don't matter.
I need to get in to see someone but I am worried about working hours. I can't take any more time off work this year. Has this been an obstacle for anyone else / any tips on what else I could do?
Writting from my phone sorry for the typos.So i am a person that gets angry easily. It's never real anger, it just that i expose most of my emotions through anger. It passes quickly, goes by and 20 minutes later it is no longer there. I have two major problems i want to adress and i dont know how to. My first problem is with arguing and my second is with forgiving and forgettig.________However sometimes i get really angry. It is usually for an actual reason, but my problem lies in arguing with people.(Not sure if to argue is the correct word in english; not my 1st language and such; i mean to agressively and loudly speak with someone. In spanish it is "discutir")I have two types of arguments. One where it's just for fun,i do some shouting you do some shouting and it tends to be about stupid shit like star wars and nerd shit like that with some friends. However i have a second type of argument where i go a little brutal. This is my true argument.When i really argue with some one i go for the kill. If i am arguing with you it is because i want to destroy you. I want you to feel the pain i have felt or to cause you the pain that i think you deserve. And i realize this is too much and it is wrong. Some friendships that could have been restored were broken because of that. The thing is that i go apeshit when arguing and destroy you verbally, no idea is too taboo, nothing is to sentimental; as long as it breaks you it is being used. I am the country in a war that breaks all laws. Chem warfare, bio warfare...anything.One of my questions is this. Do other people do this? Do you argue with someone to destroy them? And if so have you found some way to solve it that is not just don't argue?_________So my second problem. I can't forgive. If i am angry with someone, and i mean really angry; where i have tried to destroy them while arguing. I am not able to forgive them, years later i mean. I may not have you in my mind all the time but when i do, i get heated and angry again.And i think about it and i see that it is neither healthy nor how a responsible and functioning member of society should. I see that being angry at them does not fix a thing. I had an argument this past may with a friend, the same one from above, i ended up telling her that i didnt want her in my life and that i didnt want to see her again, had my reasons to think that. I know that she is hurt and that she is sad because we were bestfriends, and i am happy she is. I feel good that she feels bad, i felt betrayed and she acted like i was overreacting, so i want her to feel the pain that i felt. And i know this has no use, i know that it does not fix my problems to be angry, but i dont want to forgive her, not because it would be a lot of work and whatever but because i simply dont.Same thing with a friend from many years ago. We no longer talk, i dont care what he is doing but if i think about him i get mad, not much but oh boy did i get angry before.That is my second question. Do you guys find it easy to forgive? Or acceptable? And if so, how? Because i am unable to let go of my anger.Thanks, for listening/reading my rantish post. It is my first post here, so be gentle oni-chan. Sorry for the wall of text.**TL;DR** When you argue with some one do you try to destroy them?Are you able to forgive people?
That's steadily getting worse and worse over time. I'm usually a calm collected 22yo m. If I were to get angry ide just keep a calm demeanor and behave as if whatever pissed me off didn't effect me. Ide then just keep it held in until I just forgot about it. Now  it seems like he slightest provocation sets me off. I'm still able to keep it held in but my friends has told me that whenever I get mad now my face looks as if it hardened( no clue what that means). I don't really want to go to a therapist or anything and would rather deal with this with as little people coming into my life as possible but I need advice on what I should do before it gets to a point that i can't come back from.Atm I'm so close to going off at work. Luckily I'm on my break listening to a song that's gonna calm me until I have to get back to working. I doubt today will break me but you never really know about stuff like that.......
It's been building for 8 months now.  Things are setting me off that I used to just be able to deal with.  The tipping point (sorry to be political here) was the election.  The results of which directly affect me and my Wife and the candidate who won, is very much a roadblock to our end goal.  My family (Dad and Step-Mom) voted for the candidate.  They love me and my Wife but still voted that way.I've raged on Facebook at them and others all day yesterday and so far today.  I'm exhausted at how angry I am but I still keep doing it.  And it's not just this.  My wife will do something that shouldn't even upset me in the slightest but I get so angry.  I've broken a floor fan after smashing it against a bedroom wall.  I've snapped at her an untold amount of times.  I could say it's stress but it's not an excuse as it's getting worse.  The stress hasn't been as bad lately and still my anger issue is getting FAR worse.I'm upset at myself now.  My wife and I are in a good spot right now.  We just had a little rough patch but a lot of that has to do with my anger too.  I hold a grudge far too long.  I get angry when I should only be very upset.  I get angry when I should be mildly upset.  I get angry when I shouldn't be upset at all.  I feel like I'm just a ball of anger.  I've just started being more physical with exercise.  Yoga and just going out and throwing the football with the Mrs.  It seemed to help us a little but, I'm still so very very angry.  I'm sorry for the length of this and it's turned into a rant.I just don't know what to do or where to turn.  I'm looking now for an English speaking therapist covered by our insurance.  I need one in the worse way I think.
Guy at college has been starting shit on a Facebook messenger group chat asking if I like this girl who I've been talking to and in general has been trying to make me look the fool in most situations. I've been ill the past week and I'm going back into college tomorrow. Me and this girl get on well both in text and in person but this guy is also friends with her and I don't want to get into some huge argument that ends with him laughing and me punching him and walking off, especially not when this girl is probably going to be there and especially seeing as he's seen as a bit of an item of pity and sympathy which will mean even if he winds me up and I react in an objectively equal manner he'll get the comfort and support. I don't want anything to happen at all between me and the guy, but I can definitely foresee him winding me up uncontrollably.  Tl;dr - Being wound up and don't want to lash out for the sake of everybody involved - Please help 
Just wondering if there are any legit online courses that are legitimate? 
I'm sitting here now with bloody knuckles and a broken pc.I don't know why, but everytime something goes wrong I get pissed as hell, even if it's as trivial as a videogame.I have, and will never hurt anyone because of it, but if I get angry I get very destructive, and just need something to vent my anger at.Most people, except my parents I guess, don't know I do this, and other people will probably never believe me if I told them.I live in a quite small appartment with a lot of roommates, and I'm quite scared they can hear my rages sometimes, which makes things like "screaming therapy" and such things a bit harder.Also, due to the small size, I don't think a punching bag would really be an option.Anyone got some advice?I feel like a 4 year old throwing at fit...
So this always happened. Whenever i do something i always want it to be the best, when organizing a party, a road trip or anything. And if it didn't go my way, i will end up being angry cause i know i can do so much better. I'm angry at myself for not being able to control the situation the way i wanted it to be and i ended up being a little bitch with people. How to calm myself down and how to deal with this? I don't want to ruin anything (relationship, or stuff)
It doesn't matter my intentions or how much I want it to be positive.... you give me enough time and I will fuck it up. Burn the bridges and carry the load. I'll walk through this hell all on my own
She's always done this. I came to the thought a year or two ago, and many arguments in retrospect and to come seemed to prove she would randomly start arguments with purposely provocative accusations and shenanigans. After I called her out, she got more and more obvious about it. Just now was the most ridiculous example. Literally nothing even remotely negative happened between us today. She had a bad morning cooking and I woke up with a headache, but she basically slept the entire rest of the day and woke up an hour or two before this and my headache went away by midday.Conversation in ChineseMother : (While watching TV) What does "God Bless You (In badly pronounced English)" mean?Me: What? (Fumbling to turn off music)Mom: What does "God bless you" mean? Me: ...God bless you? Uh... (Thinking how the phrase is said in Chinese)Mom: God bless you. This guy on TV said it super-fast.Me: What was the context?Mom: It was during a "(Chinese term I don't know)"Me: What is "(Chinese term I don't know)"Mom: Are you serious? You don't even know what "(Chinese term)" means? It's like... "a competition (In English)"Me: (In English) A competition? (Confused look)Mom: It's like a test to see which is more important.Me: Hm... God ble-Mom: (Annoyed tone) How do you still not understand? The first word (of the Chinese term) means race! Or important! Or (other probably incorrect meaning I forgot).Me: Okay I-Mom: (shouting) (That Chinese term again)! What are you trying to do?Me: (Just realizing what she was doing again b/c this had been a comparatively good day) Yelling won't help anything.Mom: I'm here asking nicely why do you need to try and frustrate everyone?Me: God bless you sho-Mom: Stop yelling!Me: I'm trying to explain but you're interrupting.Mom: No. No. This is unacceptable. Now listen to me. This Indian guy on TV said God Bless you. He said it very fast. Do you understand?Me: I know. I'm trying to tell you what it means.Mom: Don't make a fuss and just be helpful for once. He said it at a (Chinese term). (Chinese term means)At this point I didn't bother listening to her explanation again until I notice she went from explaining the word to thisMom: I've discovered it recently. I know why we always argue. You keep trying to anger everyone because you don't want to talk. (This isn't the first time she's accused me of this, and if you've seen my pass rants, as always, its because she decided to accuse me of the same thing I first accused her. Don't know why she said it this time like its new stuff.)Mom: You immediately try to get me angry and look at me with an expression like I'm wasting your time. And then you start yelling because you don't know how to calm down and (Parts of this was somewhat new, one point I never even accused her of for once. Still something that she actually does and not me, as always. Stopped listening once she went back to standard accusations).Mom: (I remember this part because it sounded hilariously similar to Trump) You know, when I was younger I was very good with words. The professors always said my words were the best. When I tried to tell them my words in English they were very impressed because I was right. I was able to guess phrases in English because I knew the words in English. I knew the Moon festival was called the moon festival because the chinese words were moon, cake, and festival. When I look in a dictionary after I guess, most of the time I'm 100% right. I even surprise myself. I can communicate with anyone very well. Why is it that I can't communicate with my own son? I figured it out recently. You're always (And then she starts repeating herself)It escalated so quickly this time I didn't even get mad until after the fact, just felt too ridiculous at the time.
I don't want to quit MTG but I want to play with congenial people. If only there was somewhere else in town to play but there isn't.It pisses me off and I do not like being angry... mainly because I don't see myself as an "angry person" so I am inexperienced in dealing with anger.Tips?
I just wanted to express this to everyone. To the public I can be a very calm individual. This isn't just normal calm but like I guess it can be seen as weird at times. My ex-girlfriend even said it can be scary how calm I am in certain situations. At home though I get pissed at the slightest provocation and this is something I desperately want to fix. For example today in a fit of anger I accidentally broke a hole in the door which I now have to fix but my whole problem is that looking back on it it just seems so trivial on why I got angry. I am planning on going to an anger management class near my college but well it just makes me nervous. (Disclaimer: Whenever I get angry I don't hurt others I resort to the whole punch the wall or door thing.)
She has no patience, she always screams, she thinks she's always right, that every decision she makes the only good decision, and when we show that she's not right she starts screaming to get what she want, insulting everything we do, which is often unrelated. This has been happening to my brothers for most of their lives and when they'll leave, I'll be stuck with her for 6 more years. I don't know what to do and right now, I fucking hate her.
And most of the guys I meet do at least want to hook up even if they may not admit it...it's their mannerisms around me.I had made a post a while back about twins.  In my post I had named the identical twins Bob and Barry.  The twin I am dating is Barry.  This past week, Bob and Barry had a Halloween party and I talked to Bob's wife more hoping she could be a new girl to hang out with and I wouldn't have to worry about her hitting on the guy I'm dating because every time I try to befriend a single girl, the single girls always end up dating my exes and I just can't trust people because of that...Well in my last post, I told people how I tried to hide my crush for Bob, especially since I'm sort of hanging out with Barry now.  It was apparent at the party that I think Bob has a crush on me, too, but neither of us ever speak of it since he's married and I'm dating his single twin, Barry.  I think the wife could sense it.I think even Barry could sense it because he was looking at the both of us funny while Bob and I were sitting next to each other on the couch playing video games...so the next time, I just moved away from Bob.I don't want to lose Bob as a friend because he has been a good friend to me, but this insane secret crush may be the end point and it sucks that I may lose two people.Bob and I have more interests in common than Barry and I do and Bob doesn't have kids.  I just hate the situation that Bob is married.I just wonder how long Bob can go before he cracks that he does have a crush on me.  After the party, we've kept our distance, and I've been into Barry more.  Even if Bob admits he has a crush on me, I doubt he is going to divorce his wife, plus, I'm talking to Barry.tl;dr  I was hoping I could be friends with Bob's wife to have another girl to hang out with...but because of the situation it's not really working out to be that way.  I just want to scream!!!  Has anyone else had trouble befriending girls?
Almost everyone at my work has at one point made me angry. I honestly feel like im being bullied sometimes.. Sometimes I feel like someone is a normal person but they always seem to be able to prove me wrong by showing lack of basic reasoning and empathetic skills. Im always reminded of past experiences that haunt me for hours while I cant stop thinking about them, i have hundreds of these..Example:Our forklift driver, we'll call him Rob. So rob takes extra long breaks, like a 30 minute break turns into a 60 or 90 minute break. This is a guy thats supposedly my friend, we hung out after work before and joke around a lot.I was the one covering his break. Myself and our teamlead always had to wait for him to get back until we could take our breaks. His long breaks were actually so long that sometimes me and our team lead wouldnt even get a break. So i started calling him out on it every time he got back really late. And I calmly explained to him that it screws up everyone elses breaks and sometimes we dont even get our break. After telling him this like 30 times he eventually just said "i dont really care".Our teamlead was useless and would never do anything about it so I told the manager what he was doing. I also told our teamlead (she already knew). So our manager ended up talking to our teamlead about it telling her that her crew needs to listen to her etc. So now my team leads mad at me because I told the manager and "got her in trouble" and later the forklift driver found out and soon everyone on my shift hated me for "telling on him"I was so stressed out for about a month, people would ignore me when I needed help or be sarcastic and shitty around me. I talked to fl driver about it telling him i was sorry for telling on him (i know i shouldnt have) but I didnt know how else to deal with it because I had already talked to him dozens of times. He just didnt say anything.Later he would say things like "remember when we use to be friends?" Or "i bet its beena long time since youve last had sex. No i mean a really long time. When was the last time?"That was a few years back, things are better now but everone still has a grudge against me. There are dozens of other people at my work that Ive had similar situations with. Someone saying i have a punchable face and asks me if I think i could win in a fight against them. I hate almost everyone at my work, there are maybe 2 people I actually like because they are genuinely nice and funny and not assholes. I always hold my anger in so they dont often see it.. i often have violent thoughts or think about quitting and leaving forever.. I have a million more stories I can share.. this is just one that I was thinking about today.Do you guys think I handled my situation poorly? What should I do about this stuff? I cant go to HR, the second I tell them whatsup then I will be the weakest person here and the people that do treat me sort of nicely will no longer. Its like highschool here sometimes..
Hey Internet,I've been having a bit of a problem for a while now. Whenever my parents say something to me that I...diskike, my first reaction is to snap at them and to become dramatic. I already have established that there is a lot of anger and self-loathing involved, but the problem is, I don't realize just how bad my voice sounds to other people when I do it, and I'm worried that I do it to others. My parents do the same to me, so I think I learned it from them, but my question is...how do you catch yourself snapping at people, and how do you correct it? My mom always is going on about how much of a piece of shit I am to her, and it all stems from this, please help!
I think i have pushed everything too far inside of me. I want to get the fuck out, but i have no idea why. i need to leave whatever is making me freak the fuck out all the time, and what the fuck i am, what i can be, and how to get there. i know the tools, and they are driving me crazy. i need a person to help me, but i don't know who. please help me. Jason
When someone is saying things they know will hurt you, and they say that ONE THING that pushes you over the edge, what do you all do to keep yourself from lashing out? I have to get in control of myself.
I'll start off by saying that I went through intensive anger management counseling as a child. Every single day I would get pulled out of class for at least 30 minutes to talk to the school counselor shortly after lunch and recess.I've had explosive outbursts for as long as I can remember. The last one invloved me yelling at my significant other in the car.  She just made me so angry, I don't even remember what we were arguing about. Tonight I ended up slamming pillows and my phone into the couch repeatedly like a child. She accused me of doing something I didn't do and basically wanted to go through my phone for me to prove it.I got mad when she insisted that there was nothing wrong with her demands. I have never done anything to break her trust, but just because I have nothing to hide doesn't mean she has a right to invade my privacy. I feel like shit, I was shaking, and I'm on the couch tonight.  It's been over a year but I feel like I'm back to square one with managing my anger problem... 
I can't stop being angry. At the very least, I seem to always be annoyed by something. My anger seems to have become worse over the past year. I feel like it's causing me to be mean at work and in my personal life and people are starting to notice. My dad, girlfriend, supervisor, and troops have all made mention of it. Sometimes it's like being stressed to the point where I can't make proper decisions at work or have a decent conversation with my girlfriend. Unfortunately, I can't make it through self-help articles online or instructional videos on controlling my emotions. I get frustrated and click out of them. I was trying to do some reflective thinking today after clicking out of an article and I came up with a strange idea. It's like I want to stay angry. I say that I want to stop being mad so often but I feel that I have a mental block when it comes to fixing this problem. It's like I feel safe when I'm angry. If nothing is going the way that I want it to, being angry gives me a feeling on control. At this point, I feel like I google, "how to stop being angry all the time", because I don't want to be mean or rude to other people but then I exit the article 3 sentences in because If I lose my anger then I lose some kind of security. I don't know if all of this makes sense, I've never done anything like this before. If anyone has advice, I'd appreciate it. Thanks for your time.TLDR= I know that I need to stop being angry all the time but I think that being angry gives me a feeling of control over things in my life that aren't going right. 
i have extreme anger issues when it comes to video games, i've destroyed hundreds of pounds worth of shit in the past few days because of a particular game and i just want to fucking rip someones face off
Every day I catch a train from Marylebone, and every day I have to deal with the cunts who push in and barge onto the train. I want to smash them to pieces. It is no wonder I suffer from anxiety and depression! Long commutes 5 days a week! How do I stop this from bothering me other than confronting these assholes? 
So recently, my boyfriend and I have been butting heads. He's joined this NPHC fraternity and has started to think that he's the greatest thing on God's Green Earth. He's become especially sensitive to me touching any of his greek shit, even though he leaves it in my room. Then he has the audacity to complain about my messy room which is cluttered with random greek shit that I haven't "earned the right to touch." Honestly, I don't even want to talk with him about it because he'll go on some SJW rant about black fraternities and their history and blah blah blah.Now I know that couples have their fights, but this one has set off a fire under my ass. All I have been able to think about for the past three days is hurting people. I've become more open about the time I considered giving bleach to a stray cat my roommate was feeding. I've also just been driven with the compulsion to hurt other people. I've actively gone for people's low points in my insults, and I almost attacked the grieving friends of a girl who killed herself yesterday. All so that I can take my anger out on others and make them feel pain. In this past, my anger has always been implosive--leading to depression, but there have been times that it's leaked outward. My family used to call me a demon child for how bad my temper was as a child. Therefore, I just learned that my emotions were unimportant; and therefore, unnecessary for my life. This led to my current state of affairs where I am literally so filled with pure rage that I A) almost punched a hole in my bathroom wall (nice dent though) B) threatened to set people on fire for blackface and C) almost set fire to all my boyfriend's stuff that he's left in my room (we had no lighter fluid).I've honestly lost control over my emotions, and I don't think I'll ever have normal control again if things stay as they are. 
Like the title says. I live in Northern CA and I also have no transportation (no $). Can anyone recommend a solution? I need help fast/soon. I have had severe anger issues since I was a young kid, I'm about to turn 28 and they have gotten worse. I will lose my wife if I can't get help (I have never/will never harm her, in case anyone is worried).
He is so contradicting.  Its okay for him to get mad when we play Halo but then when i get mad its all of a sudden not okay. 
I'm diagnosed with generalized anxiety and depression. Most of the time, I'm just overthinking and anxious about a lot of things. I feel down so fast too especially when I remember things about my bf's past.Anyway, worst thing is I don't know how to be mad or maybe I don't know how to release anger. My bf would do annoying things that should make me mad but I don't. One example was when we were watching tv and I used my phone to check on something so he got mad and threw my phone by the couch and it bounced to our coffee table. My iPhone screen for the very first time smashed and cracked. I'm waiting for my sister's check from another phone company cos she traded in her phone so my phone got suspended cos I can't pay the huge amount yet. Anyway, I didn't even get mad at him, not even a tiny bit. It sucks cos if it was him he's gonna be so mad our night would be ruined. He has anger problems and Idk if that's the reason I'm choosing not to be mad at anything. I don't know if I'm forgiving or just not capable of getting mad. I would say too that maybe I get more disappointed and hurt than angry.One problem I noticed is when I feel mad, I take 2 Vicodin or 4 Tramadol. Idk why but I just do. And I have overdosing problems (depression) and I almost killed myself before. I'm not addicted to them. I just take them only when my back hurts or when I have a bad migraine (I have them as prescriptions). Anyway, there I use them too when I get so mad and idk why. Like I really don't know why. I get so upset so fast I'm so tired of myself. When I feel anger it's just all inside of me like i shake but i don't scream or break things I don't know what to do. Sometimes I rehearse my speech when I confront my bf but I end up just stuttering and forgetting what I want to say. Then my eyes start to tear up. I confront him better through text. Also when he tries to be sweet when he feels like I'm mad, I give in so fast to his hugs and kisses cos I find comfort in them even if he's the reason I'm mad. Basically, I'm a coward who doesn't know how to stand up for herself. Don't get me wrong, I've always had a hard time arguing with people. I'm just not an angry person but I think it's bad for me too. I want to be stronger. Not insanely mad but just stronger.I want to seek therapy but my health insurance won't cover anything for that and if i do out of pocket, it's $180 per session. I work in a billion-dollar company with a great job but I'm still a contractor.Obviously, reading this is weird I'm all over the place so I apologize for that.
Why do i do this? When i get angry, i will sstat hitting myself on the arm, my head, my leg. I dont know why, but i just go into a frenzy, any advice on how to calm down and stop myself from hurting myself and potentially others?
I hate to say this about myself but I'm a person who usually likes to put himself in other people's shoes, I try my best not to hurt anybody because I would not like to treat someone in a way I don't like to be treated myself. But my problem is impatience. Whenever someone talks about a subject I don't like or asks me a question a few times in a row I could simply burst. I hate being interrupted while eating and many other examples. I don't know why I can't stand people around me, even though I love them. It's a really annoying matter. A single unpleasant phone call can ruin my day... Anybody have/had a similar issue before?
I know my anger is something I must deal with. But what do you do when your family keeps pushing your buttons!! I tell them to stop because I can feel myself getting ready to blow. I try to stay calm but they go on and on and on. I eventual loose my shit and then they look at me like I am the ass hole. Example: today I am just tired. We have been on vacation for a week. I am just tired. They keep asking me over and over what's wrong. I tell them I am tired, that's not good enough for them. So they keep asking over and over. I tell them to please stop asking, they say I am being a jerk. I can feel myself starting to get angry. What do you do when your family won't stop and pushes you to the brink
I think I have an idea of the root cause, but I don't exactly know what to do about it. I've been having anger issues ever since I was a kid, but these days as a near-adult I've been experiencing unreasonable outrages. This includes shouting obscenities, destroying objects such as walls (not brick, obviously), and self harm. It only lasts about 20 seconds total, but sometimes after the session I feel like I would breakdown. This happens after playing online games, whenever lag shows up at very inopportune moments, happening repeatedly over the course of a play-session.I don't think lag could ever have that effect on anybody, so I think that the reason is emotional or psychological in nature. Common sense tells me I should stop playing, but I can't find anything else worth doing when I'm not studying. My parents are concerned over this action. Is there a way I can continue playing without going on a rampage?
Hey all, I'm new to the sub. Long story short, I've been dealing with anger management my whole life. I just thought I would ask on here who all has some good strategies for venting your anger? I'm not looking for ways to calm down, meditation, that kind of stuff. I mean real ways to let your anger out that don't hurt those around you. Thanks!
My therapist is very good and I'm glad that I'm seeing her. However, because we've only had several appointments, she is still getting to know me...and a lot of it involves making assumptions on her part. It really gets to me afterward, and I'm not sure the best way to handle it.For example, my SO and I have been together 12 years and are considered married under common-law marriage. We've discussed tying the knot but we're both...different type of people. We grew up as outsiders and have personal beliefs about marriage and other social behaviors, which are they don't really mean much to us. We are caring social people but think marriage seems silly or unnecessary. To be, it feels fake and contrived. I think it does in the sense that it's a personal contract between so human beings, trying to control each other. I feel that it's taking something very precious-the love between two people-and making a joke out of it in a sense (because divorce rates are fairly high and I've witnessed my share of unhappy marriages). We have discussed getting married but neither of us cares all that much except maybe for the tax and healthcare benefits, and having our relationship be taken more seriously as adults perhaps. We probably will soon, but I could care less either way.In any case, the therapist said something like, "well you must bug him about marriage a lot, after 12 years," and it just rubbed me the wrong way, but I didn't feel like explaining my (admittedly odd) views on marriage. It wasn't a question, but a statement. So I let it go.Now I just feel upset, because I want to stand up for myself in these situations but it seems silly. I'm not a woman who clings and is needy and demanding about marriage. I'm not a pushover, and I'm not a failure at relationships. Just bc I don't follow social norms in these cases doesn't mean I'm not loved or worthy of love. My SO loves me very, very much, and we've worked on our relationship a lot. I know it's me but every time I go in I feel like I'm being portrayed in her mind as a weak, naive, unlovable woman who can't even get a guy to marry her. Fuck that. I think a lot of this is people have been underestimating me my entire life because I don't always understand or care about social behaviors that don't seem logical, and I prefer to remain on the outskirts. But people who actually spent the time to get to know me, know that I'm tough underneath. Just because I'm kind, an afraid of hurting others, or try to be considerate and empathetic doesn't mean I'm stupid . On the contrary: I try very hard to maintain a sense of equanimity, and try to look at the bigger picture of this crazy, silly world we live in. I study Buddhism and it makes sense to me.It's not just that one thing she said m, but other stuff too. Lately I feel so emotionally volatile. Always I've been a very well behaved, kind person, and I'm saying and doing things that are out of character. Maybe one can only "go along with" this stuff for so long until they explode. Maybe I need to remember that others' opinions are not the truth of the situation, and that I'm allowed to take my own views just as seriously, and forgive people for not understanding, especially if I'm not telling the full story.I still hate it when people make assumptions though. Sigh.Edit: the way I feel about many social norms is that they are passed down in generations until people eventually forget the purpose (if there even was a valid one in the first place). And that seems silly to me. If you want to blindly follow doctrine without proof, go join a cult. I'm not being very understanding of this right now, but other people are not understanding of me. I'm tired of playing the nice, sweet, naive girl. I'm tired of not going anywhere in life because I'm afraid of hurting or offending others. I'm tired of people making life so unnecessarily fucking complicated. We are stupid animals on this planet in an inconspicuous part of the universe with no clue why we're alive. And people take all this shit so seriously, and make up stuff that's a waste of time. Sorry, this is a rant. I just don't like most people lately.
Well, where do I start?I get angry, or rather frustrated, when I play games competitively.I end up blaming my team mates for things they may or may not have had control over, and I tend to shit-talk in the chat to both my team and my team mates. It's resulted in me being kicked from numerous teams, and since I'm trying to make this a career, that's kind of a big deal.How can I stop myself from shit-talking?
I'm currently a 3rd year college student. Occasionally, when I'm in class and I'm not understanding what's going on or the professor is going too fast, I'll get really angry briefly and involuntarily make an ugly scribble on whatever paper I'm writing on, sometimes tearing the paper or imprinting on multiple sheets of notebook paper. This also happens during study sessions with other people for similar reasons. Does anyone have any strategies or tips I can use to stop myself from doing this? Let me know if there's something I can clarify or expound upon. 
I'm not one who normally does this type of shit - I don't have any anger problems or anything.Today I was online betting on a counter strike coinflip site. I lost a coinflip for about 20 dollars and my initial reaction was to punch my screen.  I don't know why - I just did it....It's pretty fucked up...Does anyone know if I can replace the screen?Photo: http://imgur.com/a/5S2i9
Before my anger was inside, and towards myself. After becoming a parent I now lose my mind. I say horrible things and want to smash and throw things, and my anger goes towards my husband and child. My baby is a few months old, and my husband don't help out so I'm the only one who takes care of him. I also have ptsd and post partum depression. My old methods took time, and I don't have that anymore. I can't take a timeout to calm myself. I talked to my therapist but she didn't give me any advice, can anyone here help? I don't want my life to be this way.
So I'm new in my town, and I joined some church support group meet ups to make friends.  It finally took me a few months to find this group of friends.In this one group, when this one guy, Bob and I got to know each other as friends, I was bummed to find out he is married.  He's a year younger than me and he's been married for seven years and it would go against everything we both stand for in our values if either one of us mentioned something.  We always keep it as friends and nothing more.  We have never mentioned having a crush on each other...it's just the way he looks at me and subtle things -- I don't think I'm making things up, I do see the way he looks at me sometimes as if he wished he could be with me but he knows we will never be.  We only hang out when other people are around and he introduced me to his single identical twin brother.That right there, kind of gives me the vibe that Bob does secretly have a thing for me but he will never admit it since he's married so it's like he pawned me off to his single identical twin brother, Barry.Barry's ex-wife cheated on him and Barry has two kids by two different people.  And that's not something I want to be a part of, parenting other people's children, but I thought I would give it a shot to see how long it will last.  If I can't have Bob, have his identical twin brother, Barry, right?And maybe I'm Barry's second choice, too.  He's not going to go back to his ex-wife who cheated on him and took everything from him.  I bet if he had the chance to still stay with her would he if she hadn't done all that....They may look the same, but they don't act or think the same at all.I thought I could handle going to this support group because I don't have that many good friends and these are good friends who don't use me.  They don't ask anything of me but my time and I just don't want this group of friendship to be ruined over something stupid.Some people have told me they met the person they married while they were both married to and dating someone else.  I couldn't ever break someone else's relationship apart.  I couldn't do that.And I'm sort of involved with Barry now -- we're taking things very slow because he knows I'm a single woman with no children who is not sure if I can accept dating him when he has children from past relationships and still has to keep in touch with his exes and spend most of his time with his children.I thought about not coming to the support group anymore.  I haven't told anyone the real reason.It's not fair, that I'll never be able to kiss Bob or do anything with Bob because I'm not a homewrecker.  And I wouldn't want Bob to leave his wife for me just like that.  If he could leave her for me, he could easily leave me for someone else.I keep trying to tell myself the support group isn't about finding someone to date.  It's a support group.  Plus, Bob introduced me to his identical twin, Barry who doesn't really go to the group.Have you ever kept something to yourself you really can't tell anyone about?  This is killing me emotionally.tl;dr  I'm taking this secret with me to my grave about Bob.  Barry isn't Bob even if they may look exactly the same.
Let me start a couple months back to give a little back story as to my constant rage: Back in May, I had another that I worked for four years with which recently at the time had a new manager come in. This manager was very verbally abusive and almost but not quite physically as he would ball his fists and approach you without laying a hand on you.I got into an argument with this manager as he deemed I was unfit for my duties and *screamed* at me that I don't deserve to work there. Mind you, this argument was over a back injury I had that limited what I could do, physically. He wanted me thrown out because of an injury I had no control over and he wanted me out cause of it. After he yelled at me and began to approach me in a threatening manner, I walked out saying "I'm done working for the day" and clocked out.He took that as job abandonment and stated in his words that I quit, even though I said no such thing and it was his way of getting rid of me.Fast forward to now: I'm working a much more terrible job with no health insurance compared to my previous one, low hours and not much pay while it is in a dangerous side of the city and has no security whatsoever.Ever since that day I lost my job, all I can think about is what happened then and ways of me "getting back" at that manager, like showing up in the early morning while nobody is watching and keying his car, popping his tires. A couple times I think about actually physically assaulting him when he gets out of his car. To make things better, I've been in talk the union over it; and it's been several months and all they have is "It's your word against his" and "we're working on it." So to make me even more angry is the fact the union is so useless and not helping me get my job back.Sorry for the long back story, but I wanted to put in why I'm always pissed off and have a hair-trigger temper.Anyway, today: After a phone call from my union which said my case is "still being worked on," already making me mad, I was in a group chat with my friends and my girlfriend. I made a grammatical mistake and my friends joked about it which sort of ticked me off even more. I decided to lie and say autocorrect made that mistake which my girlfriend knew wasn't and called out my lie which made me even more mad and resulted in this huge argument over my lying.So, I'm getting really heated now dealing with all this and spent the whole night arguing and trying to speak to my girlfriend without losing my cool but what tipped me over the edge was a friend of my group chat (jokingly) kicking me from it over a statement I made how I was rooting for another team in a game we were watching. That just made my blood boil and I sort of got blinded with rage and threatened to my girlfriend that I can leak personal stuff out that would almost definitely break the group up and have everybody hating each other. She pleaded to me not to and began crying a lot while begging which kind of caused me to.. I don't know.. wake up and realize what I'm doing so I immediately backed away from doing that. It's like whenever I get so mad, I lose myself and get sent into a frenzy and I don't realize it until after the damage is done.Anyway.. instead of leaking the personal info I decided to just punch things for a while to relieve the pent up stress and adrenaline and after my girlfriend calmed down I began to simmer down and started to cry, feeling dull and exhausted.And here I am now. Both me and my friends know I have anger issues that needs to be fixed but I just don't know what to do.I apologize for the long story, but could anybody lend me some advice on what I should do with myself?
For years I've been too afraid to direct my anger at the people who have grandly fucked me over. Namely my parents and my ex boyfriend. I then take my anger out on myself, physically, circumstantially, verbally.. I've been having out of control rage attacks and feel like it's an ever flowing faucet of rage that is becoming more difficult to turn off. I frequently feel seething overwhelming explosive anger. Think it's a matter of time until I accidentally do something very damaging.I don't know how to express the rage appropriately. I am consumed with thoughts of revenge and killing. Any advice is welcome thank you.
Be the positive change you want to see in your life. Irritation with others is only a reflection on yourself. Only you can change yourself.
this is always due to frustration. like forgetting an old password and having to reset it or other trivial things.i begin screaming internally and it becomes really entertaining really quickly as my mind starts layering abstractions on top of it. it will subconsciously come up with things that go along with it and project it over my internal screaming. i've had projections of dementors (from harry potter) come out of my body screaming, and even felt the jaws of wild dogs come out of my face and latch/bite violently in the air in my mind. it's always coming up with new things ;)I do think it helps release the frustration.anyone else do this?
Do you have any pages, sites, YouTube channels or etc that you go to when you need to distract yourself from angry thoughts and get calm? Something with cute baby animals or something idk. Xanax not working for me tonight Thank you!
Ok, so i accept i am an angry person. I want to get better. Ive made great strides, mostly by pouring my anger into intense excersize (ive lost 120 lbs in 6 months as a result). But i still dont understand the psychology and the ways to short circuit that anger before it expresses. I like listening to audible, while i drive the stupidly long trips for work(which doesn't help much because i ruminate on what assholes the other drivers are)  the problem is there are a zillion books on anger management, all of them with great ratings, so its hard to distinguish one from another. Anyone got any life changing recommendations?i tend to live a life of stress, where stress is defined as:'The confusion created when the mind overrides the bodies basic need and desire to reach out and choke the living crap out of some a-hole who desperately deserves it. 'help me. 
I am becoming extremely angry the past few days. Last night I went to bed at 3 pm after a hard day of work, I was tired but I kept getting so fucking mad my body tensed. I haven't slept, my head hurts and I just wanna calm down and sleep.Right now I am fine. The cause is that I always get those thoughts of people that I absolutely hate but it happens to be the case that I have to be around them for a few more months. I have to think about them all the time and it pisses me off. I cant ignore those thoughts. Some of them are even friends with friends of mine and they come hang out with us. I don't have any other friends so all my friends wanna hang out with them. I get messages from them on my fucking cell phone because we have a group chat with them. Fucking pisses me off. I don't know what to do. Advice please
What do you guys recommend when dealing with getting angry at small things throughout the day? Do you use meditation? if so what kind? 
Pretty often whenever I get mad, I end up punching myself in the thighs, temples, and forehead. The last two give me a lasting headache for a couple of hours. Does anyone have any advice on this?
I'm typing this for the third time because this app crashes when you try to multi-task -_-. Anyway,I'm 18 and living with my parents. I dropped out of college before the first half of the semester was over. I was by motivated and angry at the socially inept people, rambling in the middle of class, and interrupting and talking over teachers, in classes that I was paying for. Last night I got into an argument with my father. He finds me lazy because after a long day at work I come home and unwind. He claimed he was going to become a person "you won't like" in an attempt to motivate me. He has played this card all through my childhood and I was tired of it. I called him out and said that the only thing that brings is your overbearing attitude crushing my spirit and hurting feelings on both sides. Apparently that is grounds for raising rent another hundred dollars a month. Angry as I was I tried to let it go when the argument settled. So I heard my father going to bed and with full  sincerity, because I didn't want to go to bed angry. I told him "goodnight I love you." His response was a sarcastic "mmhmm". I haven't spoken to him since last night but around noon I get a text with the only words "I love you son" this only infuriated me I don't even know why at this point, how can he be such and asshole then out of the blue say something like that. I only responded with " you too" to not start another argument but I am fucking pissed and I have no clue what to do.
Growing up I struggled socially and was often a lone wolf type (despite being female). My mom was not loving at all, though generally  my parents were supportive but maybe confused/put off by me. At age 32 I was diagnosed with high functioning autism, and I'm pissed. My mom was a special needs teacher and yet she treated me like I had to be perfect and saw no indication I was struggling. They would move me from school to school (because they hadn't found the perfect house/city yet) and it was hard, but there was no asking how I felt, why I ate lunch alone, why I seemed anxious. She ignored me, even shunned me, and right now, i hate her. I don't care if anyone thinks im the one in the wrong here-I hate her. I obviously struggled socially and when she would get upset with me over, say, not calling a friend because of the overstimulation, she would get upset. It was always about her, and I'm sick of it. I'm sick of being nice to everyone and being treated like crap. I'm sick of always being the quiet one and feeling that I'm not allowed to be human. 
I'm starting to notice a few things about myself as I get a little older (I'm 22). One of the things that I'm starting to notice is that when someone does something that pisses me off or hurts me, I develop a sort of hate for them depending on what they've done. I feel that you can't trust people any further than you can throw them. From back stabbing friends, to trash talking coworkers, I find it increasingly hard not to go off on people, or do something to cause them pain. I find myself wanting to see people suffer if they have done something to piss me off or hinder me in any way. Is this normal? Or am I some sort of sociopath? I also withdraw myself from "friends" because of my lack of trust for them.
In order for this to make more sense I'm going to give some background information. I'm a senior in high school and have been under an extreme amount of stress dealing with college and my personal life. Now I feel like about to burst. I have issues that I've been to therapy for, and even though I was told to be put on medication my parents refused because "you don't need it, and don't let them tell you other wise". I act like an extrovert in order to seem normal, but I have anxiety to the point of breaking down. I can't talk to them and if I try to explain anything about whats happening they belittle me. It's my final year in high school and I'm tired and hate everything about my situation. I'm tired of dealing with others and I feel like I'm living in office space with a bunch of hormonal shitty teenagers and I'm tired of all of the bullshit. I'm angry and self loathing and just want to quit. I feel like I'm starting to act like a ass and I'm lash out at others at random. Honesty, I just want to walk up to the gates of the school and hang my self or just blow my brains out. If anyone can give me advice on how to deal with this I will be happy.
I'm not sure what's wrong with me, but I know I have always had some anger issues.I get annoyed really fucking easily and especially to people who I could give two shits about. It's pretty bad cause I make it pretty obvious and then the cycle of aggression just bounces between me and the individual. It's pretty hard when I don't give a shit.I guess what I'm really asking is how do I resolve this kind of shit and find inner peace
I think the reason I get so angry is because when I initially get angry I make someone else upset, and that makes me sad, and I don't know how to respond, and that frustrates me, so I lash out in anger again, and it's sort of this vicious cycle.
I had an outburst in class at a teacher who told me to get out after that. He was talking about how we shouldn't have this book memorized but I had to do that since I was doing so terribly in that class. I don't know what made me do it. I Haan been in worse situations where I didn't. I was in a damn car wreck 2 days ago and totaled my car and I remained calm. Today just got to me. I even told myself throughout the day I was going to have a good day. I don't know how to feel about any of this
I went on a bit of a trip to a bigger city for a doctor appointment, and my mom was driving. I fell asleep on the way back, and I woke up to find that my mom had driven an extra hour away from our house for no reason. I'm so fucking goddamned angry about it. Then she says, in her fucking brilliance "Do you need to go to a hospital?" When I freak out because I recently had a break down and went to the ER. I want to strangle her stupid fucking head. Is it justified to be this angry?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JGLhTDx_4loAimed at young people but may be of interest to older folk too :)
I've stumbled across a number of online courses but IDK if any of them are any good. 
I've always had a bit of an anger problem. It seemed to have went away until recently. Around ten months ago, I've got a girlfriend. Not my first girlfriend, but a girl who I'd love to be my last one. Anyways, as relationship progressed, I cared more and more about her. Things which used to annoy me in other people, which I've grown to ignore have started coming back to me. I dealt with that, somehow, I've been trying to love other people even tho we have differences, which is one of the most important life lessons. But, still, there have been a few occasions when I've literally lost control. She sometimes gets to me, but she's the type which doesn't stop, which makes it really hard to calm down. For example, she'd tell an opinion and I'd ask why she thinks so, I just like having things which I can't understand explained, in general, not only relationship. She'd say she doesn't know, but I'd usually persist on question, not angrily, just curiously. That'd annoy her and she'd start ignoring me completely. Then, in the moment, I'd just close my eyes and try to think about what's making me angry, exactly. That usually helps me calm down, but then she'd tell me something or ask me why I'm doing it, and when I'd ask her to repeat the question, she wouldn't, she'd ignore me again... Anyways, that doesn't matter. I'd lose control, raise my voice a bit even tho the place at which we're in the moment might be the least fitting for an argument. As it escalates, I'd think of destroying things and hurting myself. I always think it goes away after a month or two of it not happening. Today it happened again after more than 2 months. I punched a concrete pole and asphalt road... I'm really scared that I'll hurt her in one of the fits, it's making me reconsider everything. I couldn't take seeing her get hurt... By me... So I'm torn between two feelings, keeping her safe and keeping her close because I love her. The best solution seems to be changing myself, the least painful even, tho, probably not the easiest. That's why I'm asking for help. I don't know who to ask, I'm ashamed of myself.
So I have come to the conclusion after much soul searching that a large part of the disturbance and anger I feel is caused by me harboring resentment toward other people. Example:I a recent meeting a dick head low level manager disagreed with me about the software system I'm rolling out and starting bring up all these issues and I basically told the guy he was wrong, didn't know what he was talking about and just kind of walked out of the meeting (other people were there). My hands were shaking like after a fight. Since then I grind on what he said. I think about all things I want to say to this person. I create scenarios where I beat the person up. I scream at them in my head. I am passive aggressive toward them. They occupy my thoughts day and night and I simply cannot carry on like this anymore. I do believe that this person is an incompetent bully, but I don't care anymore I just want to be at piece. Even when trying to sleep I see images of them appearing in my mind. It's really awful. Here's what I have tried:- Praying to God for serenity- 4th step inventory- Flicking rubber band on wrist- Calling people to discuss- Practicing thought replacementNothing seems to be working. Has anyone experienced anything like this? What methods have you found successful for managing these thoughts?
Hi peep, let me introduce myself.I'm a 20 year old in college. Currently a junior in Aerospace engineering. This semester's load has been extremely harsh, along with that I'm pursuing a career in physique. Due to extra effort put into school, I've not seen as much improvement as I'd like in the gym. I get extremely irritated by little things and constantly want to rage. Is it the fact that I've been getting only 6 hours of sleep with the heavy workload? I'm also always constantly angry at the fact that I don't have time for anything, not even time to prep meals necessary for growth. No matter how well I manage my time, 14 hours goes by in a flash. How can I manage my anger so I don't randomly blow up? Any help would be appreciated. 
basically i have to live with my mother right now. She drives me insane. I get mounted up rage that makes me feel like i want to cause serious damage to someone or myself. i feel like crushing my head under a train. She literally winds me up on purpose because she knows she creates a reaction in me, its a horrible dynamic. She spoke to me in a sarcastic way and pulled this childish puzzled face at me the other day, i told her to not do that, she screamed and said she wanted to jump in front of a train, i feel bad for her but she comes home from work looking for someone to shout at for any reason. when i confront her behaviour she says i am bullying her and goes into a victim state. she then tells the whole family how much stress i am giving her, she is a narc and a pyscho basically and i get RAGED living with her and feel ashamed of this feeling of wanting to be violent and destructive, i'm trying to find better ways to cope - does anybody relate?
I applied for a better position, updated my resume in accordance to my a mangers suggestion, waited over a month and a half, emailing the supervisor of the position about once a week to get a status update, he never responded, my manager finally tells me after I asked her to find out directly my application was scrubbed from the system automatically, cause it used my numbers from months prior to deem me unfit for it, people who did get this promotion were new hires with no numbers, infact most weren't even done with entry level training, some of them used ot work in that departmetn years ago... BUT SO DID I... only a few months ago for a seasonal acting position..... I was a top performer, I did good.. I was rolled back to the worst department and lost in the crowd.... I'm fighting the urge to smash my god damned computer, I'm so furious, not only was a passed over for less qualified people, but i wasn't told about till over a month later...I can't make myself do work anymore cause it all feels pointless now, it's gonna get me fired but i'm more angry then sensible, I wanna hit something over and over till my knuckles are bloodied, and my head is killing me it's just pounding more and more...
Everything in my fucking life is just pissing me off. Everything. To begin, there's calculus 2. I got by in calc 1 and trig,  but I REALLY wanted a fucking B or A in this course. I worked my ass off. I went to every study session, I went to the one hour of tutoring provided by my schools math lab.  I've done all I can with the home work.  And I still don't have a fucking prayer of even passing my test tomorrow.  Why?  Because no-one at this fucking school can teach shit! Every time I try to study,  I go to review the homework.  But the homework only explains how it works if you got the answer correctly originally.  Fucking bullshit.  To make matters worse, there's this one prick in my class who walks in every day and boast to his freind about how easy the homework is.  This was one thing.  Then there was another class,  creative writing,  which I excel at. I'm really good with it. Unfortunately I can not make an A in this course.  Why?  Because on the second day of class this prick states that we have an assignment due two days later AS IVE ALREADY WALKED OUT THE DOOR. You're thinking "oh it's OK,  it's one simple assignment" FUCK NO.  THAT SHIT WAS 10% OF MY FUCKING GRADE.  May I remind you I'm in college, so what grade I get does matter. Now get this.  I'm a strong guy,  but I live with 3 roommates. One is chill,  but the other two are complete slobs leaving dishes and bottles of beer with dip in them around the bottom all over the apartment. It's constantly my job to do those dishes along with the chill roommate and the one who leaves dip everywhere has the NERVE to lecture me about doing the dishes.  This alongside my issues with French, computer science, my asshole friends, and my constant reminder that I'm going to fail this course and get chewed out by my prents is infuriating. Not to mention I can't get a job either, not for a lack of trying, which has already led me to go whole days without eating just so I can afford to buy food the next day. I can't take this shit anymore. I've become so angry that I'll regularly scream into pillows, pound my fists at a wall,  and even revert to self mutilation. I contemplate blowing my damn brains out in the middle of class every fucking day and NO ONE on this God damn earth,  not my friends, not my family, not my roommates not my teacher,  and ffs not my school is going to help me.  
In this post, I would like to do two things. First of all, I would like to admit my anger issues and explain them. Secondly, I would like to address the fight/argument which has led me to submit this post.I am a man of little emotion. At least that's what those around me are led to believe. That is not the case for the ones I care the most about... the ones that know the true me, and often see the intense anger which suddenly takes over my entire mind.For whatever reason, I have never show my true emotions in public or even semi-public situations. I hold my emotions in, bottle them up, and then in the comfort of my home they come busting out when someone really upsets me. I often find myself thinking something along the lines of "I don't get mad often, but when I do I get REALLY mad." I grew up in a household of screaming and immense anger. My parents and grandparents would go into complete rage mode whenever they got angry. Sometimes it was so bad that they almost seemed to transform into animals; faces fire red, sweat erupting from their forehead, spit flying as they shook in 100% raw rage. I always told myself that I wouldn't be like them. That I would have self-control; I wouldn't let the actions of other people bother me; that I would just walk away or ignore the pokes and prods of other people's angry remarks.But here I am...I react the same way they do. Maybe I'm more controlled, maybe it takes more to tip me over the edge. But it doesn't matter; once I reach that tipping point, I blow like a ten-ton bomb. It's an uncontrolled snapped. An instantaneous click from slightly annoyed to complete and utter rage. My mind escapes my control. I can barely think as I scream words so quickly that I stutter and fumble to get them out of my mouth. Usually, my victim is given little to no time to voice their opinion. But it doesn't matter, no matter what they say I instantly react with a counter-argument and a barrage of angry remarks to cut them down. As my mind races I realise that half of my comments are complete garbage, the self-induced embarrassment angers me even more.This is the point where things usually get really bad. As a child, I would usually take my bottle up emotions out on my siblings. At this extreme point in my fury, I would usually resort to violence. Throwing my brother to the ground punching him in the arms and legs; pushing, showing, or violently squeezing my sister; sometimes I would resort to a windmill of punches. Whatever the case, it wasn't right for me to do it; looking back, I deeply regret it.Now I have much more control of myself and would never react in a way that would seriously harm someone. On the other hand, I still react with violent behavior towards my wife. We often argue. Usually, it is nothing more than disagreements that are settled in a few sentences. No one gets mad, and we both gone on about our day in a happy loving manner. But sometimes, if the argument gets too intense, I just snap all of a sudden. Eventually, I get to the point where she has REALLY pissed me off and I just want to throw her on the ground/couch/bed and restrain her like she is in a straight jacket and force her to admit she is wrong. Often I find that I will grab her arms/wrists and jerk her around. Sometimes I force her onto the couch or a chair and refuse to let her up. Other times I violently squeeze her arms or give her painful bearhugs. Its like deep down I have this extreme urge to be really mean, but I take it out on her in ways that won't permanently hurt her.Now that I have gotten that off of my chest, I would like to address the fight which my wife and I had tonight. In doing so, I would like to address some of the ways in which she "pushes my buttons", and ask for your help in determining ways to deal with it.So, like most days, we had enjoyed each other's company most of the day, spend several happy hours together...everything was fine and dandy. Then, she started to look for hotel rooms on the computer for an upcoming trip. After searching for awhile, she came to the conclusion that there were not any rooms within our price range in the city we will be visiting. I got on my computer and attempted to help her out. After trying several sites, I agreed with her and began to think of alternative solutions. This is the point where things went south.Every option I offered was instantly shut down without a moment of hesitation. She started doing this shit where she plays "dumb" and takes everything I say super literally and then makes it into a problem. Basically, I say "we could stay in city "X"  instead (which is like 5 miles away from where we wanted to stay)". She then says I don't want to stay there, there is nothing there. I say well we don't have to stay in that EXACT city, just somewhere close by, what about city "Y". She then says I don't want to stay there, it's too far away. I then say Ok your just trying to be difficult we don't HAVE to stay in that EXACT DAMN CITY, just somewhere nearby. As we began to argue, I got more and more annoyed.At this point, she had already started to push my buttons. She claims that she doesn't do it on purpose, but either way, she does this thing where everything you say to her she finds a reason for it not to work, but her reason is just "because". (EX. ME: What if we stay here? HER: no  ME: Why not?   HER: because I said I don't want to. ME: That's not a "reason").  Anyway, she basically just tries to be difficult and make 100% bullshit excuses for why my suggestions won't work. So then I start to get mad at her and address the way she is acting. At this point, she starts ignoring me and looking through the phone book for hotel rooms. This pisses me off more because UH HELLO I AM TALKING TO YOU AND YOU ARE JUST GOING TO STOP LISTENING ALL OF A SUDDEN AND PRETEND THAT YOU DON'T HEAR ME?So now she is acting like a 5-year-old. I am starting to get really pissed and reach my tipping point. I raise my voice and within moments we are in an intense argument. All of a sudden she gets up to leave the room, which she knows I hate because I'm the type of person that feels like you should just get everything out and work through the argument and be done with it. She is the type person who thinks she wins the argument by pissing you off and then walking away so that you are left standing there fuming while she is in the other acting like she is perfectly fine. Ugh, I absolutely hate that, so when she gets up to leave I grab her by the arm and push her back into the chair. I tell her that I think she is acting childish and being a stubborn ass.I tell her that I think she is purposefully being difficult and that if she would focus on the topic of finding a room rather than trying to shut down all of my ideas, then maybe we wouldn't be arguing. She claims that I am the one is causing the problem and I need to calm down. At this point, I am fuming. She starts telling me how terrible I am to her, how I don't treat her with any respect and that if I had any respect for her I wouldn't restrain her. This really pisses me off because 90% of the time we have an absolutely perfect relationship and are mutually kind, caring, loving, respectful to each other. We take care of each other and give each everything we can. And as long as she isn't pissed at me, she will tell you exactly the same thing. She is constantly talking about how much she loves me and the way I treat her and how I make her feel loved and safe, and secure...and always talks about how when I am with her I melt away all the bad things in her life.But wait, now that we are arguing I supposedly treat her like shit and have no respect for her. This pisses me off even more, but at the same time, it makes me realise how stupid I am for acting violently towards her. But something inside me won't let me stop. I have no control and I flip-flop between trying to reason with her and trying to gain the upper hand on her in this argument. It's like an emotional rollercoaster. I want to stop fighting, but I can't stop, I don't want to stop unless she admits that she is wrong; admits that she was being a stubborn pain in the ass and that she is sorry.So yea, things ended with us still arguing, I was absolutely furious inside, but I tried to hold back and slowly worked into just talking to her at a normal volume as my blood boiled from within. To my extreme and utter annoyance, our roommate got home and she used it as an opportunity to flee the scene. At this point, she is still super pissed at me and probably will be for a day or so. I have pretty much let the anger go, but I still feel annoyed and sort of feel like I wasn't able to express the full extent of my feelings. Her inability to let go of the anger mixed with my filling of an unfinished argument will probably cause several other situations just like this one over the next few days. Eventually, I will probably get sick of her acting like a bitch and try to be really nice to her in some way or another. At that point we will probably make out, have sex, hold each other all night. Wake up the next morning feeling completely fine with each other, and then go several weeks without another incident.This doesn't exactly feel 100% healthy, but I guess everyone has their problems and so does every relationship. That being said, I'm tired of our arguments turning into this. Every time it happens I almost feel like I would rather leave her than feel so extremely angry and emotional, even if it's just for a day or two.So, what do you think I should do to resolve my issues with her. 99% of the time our arguments follow this exact format.What should I do to control my anger? How to I take control and just stop when I get to that point where I lose control?
I hope you don't mind me posting here. My husband has a self-admitted anger problem. Most of the time, he's totally fine -- but things have escalated again lately, and I'm not feeling comfortable.While he has agreed to go a couples counseling session with me, he does not buy into the idea of therapy. He has stated that he will go just for my sake. In fits of anger, he has taken my phone away from me, tried to throw my phone in the toilet, broken things of mine, and has said terrible things that he wouldn't ordinarily say. Those moments are scary. When things de-escalate, he's very apologetic and recognizes the behavior as unacceptable.I'm wondering if there are non-therapy approaches to working on anger management that have worked for you, if you've experienced a similar situation. Maybe books on the subject? Exercise? 
I was playing a competitive game on my phone with earphones in. My sister took the earphones out by force and started yelling "why didn't you tell me where toolkit is?". I was pissed about the fact that she could have asked my brother who was in the same room. She could have also took one of my earphone and I would have listened but she didn't. I raged and threw my phone towards her feet. And she went off downstairs. I just exploded and punched the wall with full force twice. The impact temporarily reduced the function in both of my hands. I believe I could have acted better but my mind was clouded with anger. Do I need help? How could I have prevented this? Hope this made sense. 
My husband has trouble controlling his anger. I knew about this before we got married, but living with it is something I didn't expect. I wouldn't be surprised if it's related to his depression, but his anger is affecting me. He mostly gets angry when he's playing a video game and it doesn't go as well as he expected it to. Tonight, he burst out with "I hate this game!" and I tried to say "Then don't play it!" but he kept playing the game and getting angry. Finally, I was fed up with it and went to the other room as he fired excessive (digital) bullets into a well-subdued (digital) enemy. I understand it was to vent his frustration at the game, but I feel like expressing it the way he is doing is only making it worse and I don't like to be around him when he is that way. He can't seem to just put down the game when he's frustrated.Video games aren't the only time his anger has affected me. If he's working on a project... or just about anything really... and it starts to get difficult and frustrating, he gets angry and I'm afraid to be around him. And if I try to critique him about anything at all he reacts like I just betrayed him... so I just don't anymore.To be clear, he isn't abusing me. He doesn't hit me or yell *at me*, but he does yell *near* me. I don't like the way things are right now. How do I even talk about it, given that critique just makes him react in anger?
Hey everyone, I'm currently in the third week of taking Wellbutrin 150 g XR, an NDRI Dual Norepinephrine and Dopamine Reuptake Inhibitor. My Dopamine has been very low for years. I'm lacking any sense of motivation and interest in sex and I don't get much joy out of things I used to enjoy. Since different SSRIs didn't agree with me, I switched to self medication with low THC medical weed a few years ago (1-2 joints a week). Gave me back everything I was missing, but the dopamine plunge afterwards only made it worse, so I quit almost six months ago.Currently I have no unnatural instant-gratification dopamine boosters in my life, save for the occasional sweet.The only readily available emotions before Wellbutrin and currently are anger and frustration over things that are beyond my control due to financial reasons at this moment (job I don't enjoy but am not yet ready to switch, house needs fixing, etc.) When the pressure gets too much I sometimes hit myself in the head or punch a wall, or break something.But now with the Wellbutrin things that upset are suddenly from 0 to 100 in the blink of an eye. I heard Wellbutrin gives some people rage. Makes sense I'd get it too, since I have the disposition for it. I don't want to quit the medication before I am beyond the honeymoon phase, though. I have to boost my dopamine depleted brain, so I can be productive and happy about things again.What can I do?
When I get really pissed, like I am right now because my dog took a dump on my floor, I really want to smash every damn thing I see, which I don't do because that's a terrible fucking idea. Anyone know of a site I could order bulk pottery rejects (I think they're called seconds) or something else cheap and fragile?
growing up, I had trouble holding in my anger. I'd fight, yell, thrash rooms, you name it. The last time I had a "fit" was in middle school which almost got me suspended on the first day. Since then, I've found ways to suppress my anger. Some of these strategies include humour, games (helps when you have a short attention span) and if all out fails, take a walk. For a solid 6 years I've been able to keep it together. However, my anger seems to be crawling back, more excessive than ever. I've thrashed my room 3 times within the past 2 months. I can't keep finding the humour in everything anymore and the walks just make me angrier. Sometime I feel angry for no apparent reason now. I really don't  what else to say.  I could really use some tips.TLDRstrategies for anger management aren't working anymore. Send tips plz.
Edit: This originated as a comment on another post, but then it got me thinking 'I don't even know WHY I get this mad!'I'm stuck without a good reason. I think I just inherited irritability. Nothing really happened to me other than my parents divorcing at 5, which wasn't even a nasty split.It started in high school, I just started to get really easily bothered by things.It's developed into this rage that comes out of nowhere. For no reason at all. No triggers. Nothing. My fianc could just be asking me what's wrong because she's noticed I went all quiet and look visibly angry. And then any questioning after I say 'nothing, I'm fine' will put me through the roof!ITS RIDICULOUS! PEOPLE ASKING IF I AM ALRIGHT MAKES ME ANGRY!These 'low moods' will just settle in, and then all of a sudden I'm pissed and I have absolutely no reason or logical justification for it - and it has to look wacko.It's controlling my life, and all the decisions that I make.I can't seem to stop it, and it's starting to push away the person closest to me.But where does all of this come from? To my knowledge, nothing happened to me that made me this way. Other than being put on things like Ritalin in public school, which I think fucked me up more than any drugs I've ever tried (and there's only a few I haven't).More about my 'low moods': When I find myself immersed in one, it's like I expect everyone to know 'ah, he's gone into one of his hostile mood zones again, let's everybody say absolutely nothing until he's ready to try communicating again'It's unbelievable behaviour and I hate it.I get worked up that my music hasn't taken off yet, that I have a kid now and I'm running out of time, before I will have to end up working some piece of shit job I hate just to pay bills and die. (I'm only 25)I can't seem to get over this hurtle of rage and it seems like I talk to myself an unhealthy amount and rehearse arguments and say all the things that really get me mad when no one is around to listen. I don't know. Anybody else have misplaced anger issues? How do you get through them?
I want to identify places or opportunities to practice expressing anger. I have come to find that I have repressed it, and really try to not express it, and that really makes me unhappy.  Either it bubbles out with disproportionate reactions at home, or it bubbles down into anxiety and depression.  I see my family and they express anger, in small doses, quite regularly, and successfully.  Someone cuts them off, they get mad, then move on.  Someone crowds them on the train, they say "excuse me, you are crowding me out" - in an assertive and not passive tone.  You can tell they're mad.  But they're not aggressive.Most advice online seems to be to find more constructive ways to deal with anger - but I'm really not talking about things that get to the point of breathing exercises or resolving things later.  I'm talking about expressing low level anger or frustration if things are upsetting in the grocery aisle.  Or someone doesnt give you the right change.  I'd like to express anger, in small amounts, sometimes, when appropriate, so that it doesn't get bottled up or repressed.  any thoughts on where to practice?
Lately I catch myself getting all worked up about passed issues with old friends that I no longer speak to. And also things that have happened with my mom and dad. Without getting to deep in I don't speak with my dad and I live with my mom but we butt heads alot. She is very loving but over controlling.  I'm sick of letting things in the passed work me up and hold me back from being happy. People who don't even think about me (former friends) dwell on my mind constantly an I want to shake this nasty burden before I carry it any longer. Anyone have similar experiences and can recommend anything on learning to let go? I can't blame people forever and frankly I don't want to ethier I'm on reddit to seek mature and insightful advice. No more yelling and freaking out.. I wanna have thicker skin.
I know why I have anger issues, they come from a traumatic experience I can't get closure with and from growing up in an angry household. When people repeat themselves it drives me fucking crazy. I don't know why it does, but it gets to the point where I can't control myself. I shout, I swear, I punch stuff and what's more worrying is that now every time I get angry it feels like my brain is on fire. It hurts everyone I love, and myself. I tell everyone who I get angry with that they only need to say things once for me to hear it and understand and that repeating themselves is my trigger but they keep doing it. I feel like I'm asking too much of them.I can't keep getting angry, it's destroying my relationship. I got angry with my SO today while talking about our problems and I apologised and said it's the repetition that's the trigger and the response I got was that I can't keep getting angry with them, which was repeated 3 times in the space of a minute, so I got angry again. I've talked to my counsellor but her solution is to do deep breathing. It helps when I get anxious but not when I'm angry. I'm going to try and get some CBT, maybe even anger management. I don't know what to do, I'm destroying everything.
Where to start? As i've read here, we all are struggling with the same thing. Anger. It consumes us, sometimes we let it take control of every aspect of our lives. I've let anger get the best of me for so long now. I need change. I've been trying to change for years. The only results i've have gotten are a few days at most where i will be fine. Then.. all of a sudden i am engulfed in rage. Anger. I've ruined a very important relationship to me. I've went from not speaking to my best of friends for weeks and months on end because of my crippling anger. Now... i will be losing someone clearly important to me. I'm alone. And it is now that i realize that the one person who has stuck beside me despite my fits of anger/rage will be gone in less than 2 months. Even though i know that. I started a fight. As i look back on to the argument i started, the issue was so minuscule, i can't believe i bickered over it. I don't know what to do anymore. I have seen a therapist, and although he helped, i still went home a started fights. The life that i grew to know will be forever gone in a couple months. I will have to start over with everything. I need help. I cant find what alleviates the anger. **I don't even know what drives it.** 
We've had a slow but steady number of people posting links asking persons suffering from anger management issues to please fill out their surveys or sign up for their services. These posts will be removed moving forward. They're not constructive, and the people who come to this sub don't participate in them. If you have come here with a survey, you're welcome to engage with users in the comments of their posts, but the first and foremost goal of any user needs to be to help the OP come to terms with their anger issues, or to foster discussion about coping techniques. Users posting only to promote a survey or service will be banned from this subreddit. 
I'm a 23f, junior in college and never been an angry person. Sure I've been pissed off, but never really angry. Until now. I thought maybe it was just stress from my classes and internship. Everyone else I know has a lot on their plate and are just as stressed as I've been. I've become extremely restless, irritated, and agitated. I'll go to the gym to blow off steam and end up staying longer than I planned (not always a good thing for me, I ended up with overuse injuries). Even though I'm exhausted, I have so much angry energy that seems to just take over. Yoga used to chill me out but it's not helping anymore. I'm angry that the girls on my floor play Beyonc all the damn time as loud as possible (I don't show it. Forget about asking them to turn it down.) I'm angry that people in class are constantly whispering and I can't concentrate. I'm angry that meetings are constantly being cancelled and rescheduled on short notice. I'm angry because I might have picked the wrong major and will spend my life in a cubicle as a social media analyst. I don't have any "passions" but I'd rather help people than manage a businesses Twitter for a living. I like to find solutions to problems, but when I feel like I can't control things I head straight for a grueling cardio workout until I stop feeling like a volcano. All day I just feel on the verge of screaming or hitting something, and it's scary because I've never been like this and I don't want to end up lashing out at someone. I try and be kind to others. Here lately I've had to use all my energy to be "normal". I'm not exactly angry at people or any event. I can't relax.  I feel like ripping my skin off, but don't. I know that will not solve my anger. I try and be positive when I wake up so I can have the right attitude for the day and be a good person. I beat myself up for everything and maybe I'm so annoyed at myself that this is how it's coming out. Does anyone have any suggestions for what I can do when the anger just gets too much to bear? I don't know why I'm so angry and I need help to calm down please. I can't afford therapy.
I am so mad at this little asshole to the point that I would commit serious crimes to hurt him.So, I am FORCED to sit next to him in math class, this obviously disturbs the learning process for me. I've heard him whisper "He's a weirdo." to his friend's ear. And when I didn't have any paper, he said to his friend "Probably because he's too lazy." I didn't hear him say it at first, but I asked what was so secret and he said that. When we were given a worksheet to work on, he handed it to me but kept on pulling it back, then laughing. Then, later in the day, he did an impression and said in a mocking voice, "Oh, look at me! I'm Nathan! *Proceeds to make sucking noises*" Next time I fucking see him, if I can deny the feeling of strangling him, I will wait for his next insult. Then yell "OH WOW YOU REALLY NEED TO HURT OTHERS IN ORDER TO MAKE YOURSELF FEEL BETTER?" I also fantasize about charging into him with full force, breaking his ribs due to the impact, then proceeding to pound his face into a bloody pulp.Oh, and by the way, I'm a shy, 6 foot, heavy 13 year old. He's a 5 foot, smart ass, lightweight 13 year old. If I wanted to, I could easily put him into a coma with a few simple punches. I've got to break it to him though, he's got some SERIOUS balls to pick on a guy like me when he has a broken leg. I might make it two broken legs, two broken arms, and a broken neck. But that's just my fantasy.Is it wrong for me to want to absolutely demolish this guy?
When people do very small things like for example look back and forth at something (tv and painting) I get so mad I curse at them and yell at them to stop. This happens too often, getting so angry over little things. I have no idea why because most see me as a nice guy.
Like with things i should of done or should of said that would of resulted in a fight or me flipping out.  Sometimes i feel that i was too peaceful and have alot of regrets of not cursing out people, not kicking over things and the memories keep rolling in my head.Anyone else get this?
Do any of you have those memories that just... Make you seriously consider murder. I don't mean like, oh yea I wanna kill this guy. I mean really truly considering painfully and slowly ending someones life whenever you think about them or someone brings them up. How do you deal with that? My brothers sperm donor is an absolute jerk, and he refused to let me say goodbye to him after school one day before he took him away for his 2 week vacation. Like him and his wife physically wouldn't let me near my brother and I saw red. It took all my self control not to beat his fat ass into a pulp right there in the parking lot, and now every time I think about that day, it just ruins my mood for hours...i can't physically be in the same room as this man or his wife without having to focus on physically restraining myself from beating him. How do I deal with this? 
All right, I have a question for you people, but first some context.Over the past few days I've been having more difficulty dealing with my anger at home. Just in the past two weeks, I lost control around 4-5 times and caused property damage. Well, I don't feel I lost control, I feel I just didn't want to control myself. I've been pushed to that brim before and was always able to remain level-headed but in those instances, I just didn't want to.When I get angry, I try to breathe deeply a few times to relax my body, but then this urge to destroy comes out. Yesterday for instance, I was irritated once again, and I tried to breathe, I tried to clean my room and just relax, at which point I threw whatever I was holding at the wall and made another hole. It made me feel better. I always feel better after breaking whatever I break, even though I regret it afterwards.Alas, I'm getting sick of breaking shit so I decided it was a good idea to set up a "destruction area" in my patio where I can hit a hammer at a piece of scrap wood the next time I awaken the dragon within me. My mother and brother think this is savage and immature, and I agree with them but I truly believe it's an excellent short-term solution, considering all the shit I broke in the past few weeks. I exercise and meditate regularly in order to avoid these situations but sometimes they are inevitable, so my question to you is, what do you think of this idea? Is it healthy? Maybe you have some other suggestions?Let me note that the anger comes from arguments I have with my parents.
I sometimes will get so angry I'll lash out at people I care about.  I've never physically hurt anyone, but I will yell things I don't mean and sometimes throw things around and break things.  I feel horrible afterward and sit there crying of guilt about what I'd done.  It's like it's completely out of my control, I don't even consciously do it.  It's like my emotions are taking over my body.  What is the best therapy type for displaced anger and lashing out?Note: I'm also bipolar and am on lamotrigine. 
I could use some advice from anyone having been in my predicament. Family a three here with a 6 month old. I've found that since his birth, I've been less and less tolerant. It could be sleep deprivation combined with my inner rage, but it's now affecting my family.I often get annoyed with my wife - she has a hard time making decisions and changes everything constantly. This is hard for me as I'm a very static person - I set it and forget it.Just the other day - we were mounting a curtain rod and I almost lost it after drilling 6+ holes and it still not being right. She's often saying she doesn't care for my attitude and won't tolerate it around our son.I whole heartedly agree. I have OCD though and in PC terms, I can only have 1 window open at a time (Whereas she can have 15 windows open and bounce back/forth).Does anyone have advice for what to do in a situation where I'm about to lose it, cuss, and walk away? I know I can be a dick, and I want to change. I want our home to be a fun project, not a stress ball.
You know how Pavlov conditioned the dogs to the bell?  He'd ding it every time before he fed them and soon the dogs got excited every time they heard the bell.  Would this work for humans too? I'm considering getting a little beeper and then beeping it every time before I do something pleasurable such as watching a favorite TV show or eating a favorite food.  And then when I feel angry, I can beep the button. Once I'm conditioned, would it induce positive emotions just from hearing it? Does it work the same way for humans as it did with Pavlov's dogs?
For a while now I been struggling with depression and suicidal thoughts, I been making some major improvements to my thought process and overall self-esteem, but what I can't seem to keep down is my anger. I'm usually a nice guy and i go out of my way to be kind to others, but when i get online or when I'm alone by myself I always feel so angry. I lash out at my online friends frequently and I even have fits of anger when I am alone. I start cursing and swearing and talk about how much I hate people and things. The sadness that I once had is manageable and I'm usually happy for the most part, but it seems I get angry more often than not. I been angry like this for a while now and when I think about I been angry like this since I was young. I remember I used to take this anger out on not things or people, but small animals, dogs in particular. I remember being 5 years old and riding my bike over my pet dachshund when my father wasn't home, I remember slamming my pet chihuahua against wall whenever I was mad after coming home from school at the age of 10. I remember hitting and abusing my roomate's dog when he wasn't home at the age of 20. Now at the age of 21 I still have this anger. I was hitting and smacking my Dad's two yorkies when he wasn't home this summer break. I am studying abroad right now and I'm living with my host Mom and her dog. When she leaves the house I have a urge to beat her dog. I try to fight it off but I want to so bad. It feels good when I do this. It feels like all my anger leaves my body.  I don't know what do! I'm mad at my self for being this cruel and feeling good about it during the act. I need counseling. EDIT: Grammar and Spelling
First off, very little bothers me at all, and when something does bother me it takes something even more to make me angry. I can probably count on one hand the amount of angry outbursts (sometimes they aren't even outbursts) over an extended period of time (if were talking legit anger episodes an extended period of time can mean a year) but when I DO get angry it's incredibly intense. I've never known if I need to get help or not as so far it has never caused any serious problems in my life.Generally when I first get angry everything tenses up and it's impossible for me to cool off as everything said done or heard makes me more angry. I have extreme urges to start absolutely breaking shit or hitting people that is perfectly countered most the time by my absolute revulsion towards ever purposefully breaking anything or hurting someone (I get sad often when I see things getting broken) leaving me at a standstill where I both really want to break something and really dont want to. I've learned at this point to walk away and isolate myself as my anger episodes are intense but are over in a few seconds. At this point however all of my movements feel supercharged and I have trouble controlling how much energy I put into simple things like opening or closing doors (the difference between this and slamming doors is I almost never intend to slam the door it just ends up happening, not sure if that's normal). At this point I wait to cool off, when I was younger I used to imagine beating up or really hurting the person, which was really unhealthy and I don't do that anymore (for me it was more of something that felt good more than having any actual intention of hurting anyone). Very shortly afterwords I cool off and suddenly get extremely opposite of angry whether it be extremely empathetic towards the other person or sad at myself.I know the way it's worded makes it sound dramatic but most of this is behind the scenes stuff. To the other person it usually looks like I walked out of the room and closed the door very strongly and then promptly came back in very gloomy or apologetic anywhere from a half hour later to sometimes even a few minutes. Because of this I never really got around to talking to anyone about it as I never had issues with it before but sometimes I worry about it as I have had some lapses in my restraint that have happened before and I don't want it to become and issue.EDIT: I thought it worth adding that I am not Bipolar
I feel nothing. I feel so angry i don't feel. All I know is that I hate her now, and I want to make her feel the anger and the betrayal too. I'm gonna stop talking to her. I don't need her. She told me she doesn't want to lose me. She'll know she lost me. I hope she hates me, in fact I'm fucking counting on it. Not so she'll want to talk again, or apologize.Just because it'll make me feel better.  
Thru the trenches = spent more than 3 years trying to control itI know once I've hit that angry spot I can slip back in very easilyMy chest becomes tight and back.I've tried- Deep breathing slowly with abdomen- Deep breathing and concentrating on breath- Mentally relaxing and telling myself 'chill out'I'm interested in anyone's experience who has permanent gains made against anger and who has any techniques for getting out of it and avoiding it
Every now and then I just get livid. and not your average angst teen angry like I start hitting. What I usually do is I form my hand Into a fist and I hit myself with the part of my plan which is left uncovered. Sometimes I only do it once or twice and it usually happens after I'm yelled at. Recently it has been after I label myself as a bad kid. Today in the car my mom and I were talking and she said said something that just drove me up the wall. The part that drove me up the wall was that she asked the same question every time I brought the topic up which proves she doesn't trust my judgement (I am saving up for a pc, and she keeps suggesting I just get a cheaper one from dell/hp because that is what her friend recommends). I raised my voice as I am know to do and then she just said "wow you shouldn't talk to me" this made me feel horrible but when she compared me to my father I was pushed into this mix of emotions that I would describe as anger and sadness, as I resent my father (before you say that I shouldn't resent my father he is an alcoholic. He drinks alcohol while he's driving with me, he drinks when my friends are over, he drinks every night. It's not easy being on the good side of someone who is constantly drunk). Then I started hitting myself, and I'm not sure how many times I hit myself. When we got home I was in a bad mood and then my brother said something along the lines of "why don't you hit yourself some more" this pissed me off so I proceeded to do just as he said and then I made a sandwich and went into my room.
Hello everyone, my name is Jay I'm a 23 yr old male and I'm currently having issues with my anger problems. It started when I was a kid and had gradually gotten worse.  I keep telling her it won't happen again and then I get this tunnel vision and freak out I don't know what to do about any of it :(
I sometimes am in situations where I don't realize I'm hungry until I start  raging.  Often when I am stuck on one of my daily commutes from  a busy busy college packed with people.  I feel like I  gonna lose my Shit.  Today I got off a train to go get food because I couldn't stand the sudden hunger,  delayed train and loud fuckin assholes.  This is just  a rant 
Hi Reddit,I have a question on how to deal with this problemMy stepmother is making me angry in every way possible, even the smallest things this has been going on for about 4 years, luckily I'm moving out the end of this the school year - but it's an everyday nonstop irritation. She says I'm not doing anything, while she has plenty of days off work, I still have school and I work plus I work out but she somehow is oblivious to it and every time I start an argument my dad gets invovled and everytime, during these 4 years, he's always been on her side. She is also two-faced, she expects me to do small things that she didn't get to do, but when I miss something I hear this annoying voice calling back and being a bitch about it...All in all everything she does annoys me and irritates me endlessly. And it's not like I'm angry at her for replacing my real mom, because my dad has had girlfriends during the years and my parents got divorced when I was 6 and now I'm turning 21 by then end of September.So I was wondering if you had any tips for what I could do that maybe, I could control my anger or being annoyed won't effect me as muchRegards
Just 5 minutes ago i was watching a video on youtube because I was done with class and my grandma came in and hit me. I completely lost control and took my headphones off and snapped them in half by hitting the desk with them and yelled at her.Help
This stranger is my ex's sister, who show up at her house looking for me (I live two states away) to threaten me. My MOTHER then discussed MY mental health with someone she DOESN'T KNOW!!!!I have been mad at my mom before, but NEVER ANGRY. WHAT THE ACTUAL FUCK?!?!??!
 Me and my mom's relationship is very blurred. She's the only person in my life who makes me on edge and easily angered. Everytime I'm around her, I can only think about how much she hurt me in middle school, emotionally and physically. All throughout school, she'd constantly barrage me with my bad grades, and I couldn't see my friends for weeks and months at a time until my grades were up. She was also obsessed with my acne in middle school and high school, and she made me go through excruciating pain with popping, and what felt like scratching off my acne every night. I never went to bed happy throughout that time. Her excuse for all of it was that she was just concerned about my health, and so concerned she was that one time, she tried to force herself into my room when I locked her out to stop to continue to "care" for me.  She also consistently, even when I'm in college and being eighteen years old, she does everything for me. I love to do my chores myself but not once has she let me do that. She calls me messy and always cleans up after me when I've always told her I'd rather do it myself, she picks my clothes, what I should eat, etc. She even researched extensively why I shouldn't become psychologist instead letting me figure it out on my own.  Living with her feels like I have no control of my life and even when she tells me to do something that's not at all a big deal, I always remember how she treated me then and how she still controls certain aspects of my life. I don't want to say I don't love my mom, but that's the only way I describe my feeling toward her. Most of our communication is either silence or yelling. And she seems to think everything is fine between us, even when I told her I don't love her anymore.  I wish I could move, but I don't have a job or a car, so I need to find way to manage living with her or I think I might really move out with no plans at all.
With time I am getting more angry and my class mates are a big trigger. They are so stupid but still laugh about the mistakes of others. That makes me furious because in school people make mistakes and I don't wanna be laughed at for saying something that is wrong. It's mostly girls and 2 boys in my class so I can't threaten them to beat them up ( I wouldn't anyways but people tend to shut up when I tell them I will smack them ). What can I do? I still have about 8 months left in school and I become so angry that I can't fall asleep the night before. 
Ive been posted away from home, I was ready to be away from home but I wasn't ready for the divide in my friends to surface. I feel like im drifting away from them. Im having trouble making friends here in kingston, and I am losing confidence in myself. Im feeling lonely and isolated and it shows. I feel angry and im having outbursts of aggression. I dont know what to do with myself. Im just going through the motions day by day now. This is my first time ever really putting my feelings down and out there. I don't really know where to turn to.
First of all, I need help. My husband is a trigger. He knows how to push my buttons and sets me off. With him it feels like I'm a volcano waiting to happen. One example would be this. We get together to talk about stuff. Sometimes sensitive stuff. I can get passionate. Not angry - I'm not even feeling angry at this point. But my voice is a little heightened. Not a lot. He'll shut down and walk away, saying how he won't talk to me while I'm being disrespectful. I'm not! But him shutting me down like this pisses me off. And it makes me feel worse. Today I had to do a little comparison. THIS IS WHAT SCREAMING IS LIKE! He demands respect, but doesn't give it. I'm so pissed. 
I'm tired of it. She's smarter than me, gets more attention and everyone likes her. My dad does anything for his "little girl" Shes getting her own expensive car that she wanted. And what am I getting? My dads used truck. She gets praised for doing something. I do something and I don't even get acknowledged for it. My dad mocks me for being weaker then her and for having long hair. I don't hate my sister, but I hate that everyone likes her and she's gets such good grades and everything comes so easy to her.
Hello, I'm new here and I was wondering if any of you can provide me with some resources or suggestions or strategies for anger management? My bf is going to therapy for anger mgt for the 1st time and I would really like to support him and help but I really know nothing about this. I'm hoping some of you can help me understand the key points in managing anger and how families can help the individual that is going through anger mgt. Thank you in advance!
Sometimes I feel like a ticking time bomb just ready to explode. The slightest little nudge in the right direction sometimes will make me want to scream and use my fists to pummel a person into the ground. The only reason I haven't imploded in public is simply because my mom told me it wouldn't be worth it. I'm not usually that angry all the time but in some moments I just feel it creep up onto my shoulders. And when I don't take it out, the feeling just rests on my shoulders the whole day until I get some privacy. I can feel my self control diminishing rapidly but I still try to be sensible when things go rough. When I finally get some privacy, I just start screaming and punching the wall until my knuckles go red.I don't know, I just wanted to put my two cents.
So I've been noticing some things. When I get really angry, my bones start to shake. I get the rush of blood and thrill of being angry. But I have managed to NOT say anything I would regret soon after. I was just wondering, is it normal to feel excited when you're angry?
Hey, first time poster here. I've had depression for a long time, pretty much as long as I can remember and I self harm quite a bit. I was just wondering if anyone else had an anger that feels like it has built up over a long time? I am not a violent person, I have never hit anyone I don't even argue with people but that's mostly because I feel like I would honestly commit murder if I let my anger get out even in the slightest. I wouldn't say I have anger issues but I definitely have problems with emotions, particularly I either feel almost nothing or the intensity of my emotions are way too much for me to be able to control. Does anyone else have the same issue? If so how do you deal with it?
I get angry to the point of adrenaline multiple times a day.I was hoping this sub had directions to some coping strategies or something, rather than just being a venting place for "I had a bad day". If anyone has links or advice I'd appreciate it.
Before anything I would just like to say I really feel I have a problem and know I need help, in any way possible..Arrive at Walmart parking lotWalking in black guy walking outLock car as he gets near my car, sees red tail lights light up as he's right next to itHe notices and looks at meI wait by entrance to watch phone/YouTubeHispanic friend of his walks out (they're in their 20s, late maybe young 30s)They talk to eachother I hear black dude say I'm watching him, I really wasn'tI spit on groundWalk a way a bit at entrance stand my groundThey roll up in black guy's carBlack guy says "don't worry I'm not gonna steal anything"Basically calling me a racistTaunt me as I say nothing*Clicked* (this is when I start to get mad)Call em bitch ass pussy ass niggasSomeone says coward as I watch them drive off*Snapped* (this is when I'm fuming)Run to carThrow in reverseThrow into driveSpeed, chase them down at intersectionThey turn right, me blaring past them in speed I go straight and pass a cop ticketing someone on the other side of the road in front of us at intersectionWithout hesitation of copPull back around after a u turnTurn left to approach them again, they're down the street unaware of me I'm pretty sureBy this time they'd pulled into a hotel crossing through a qt parking lot going into a parking lot with people mobbing outsideDo a u turn at the stop light I'm at I pull up in separate parking lot to side of their hotel parking lotDo donuts and blaze offTurn left on Main StreetGo past light come back around another u turn come back past light blast my horn as I speed down the streetTurn left to go back way I cameDo another uturnTurn right go down street past lightU turn, turn right, u turn again, turn right (to skip red lights)Speed down street go back in parking lotYell out " I'm no fucking racist you piece of shits! Where the fuck you at? Bounty Hunter 5-9 Blood what's up!"While driving out and away from separate parking lot I'd just done the donuts inGet approached by shirtless Mexican guy saying stop and come on running up (I don't think it's the one I originally encountered)Say what's good what's up small exchangeAsk him why he called me a racistSays he didn'tAsk him if he's with a black guySays yesAsk him if he's with a Hispanic guySays yesKeeps saying stop and come onSay no I'm good home boy I'll come back represent your setTurn rightSpeed offDrive get gas at another location far away from hotel QT that they passed through to get to hotel*Start to feel bad/sad/mad/paranoid I just did all of that*Assure myself everything's okayGo to another Walmart far awayFeel like people are watching me, like the guy in the truck I PULLED UP NEXT TO knows what I just did..Comment to him how I like the song he was listening to in his truck as we by chance pass each other in the store (The Sound of Silence by Disturbed coincidentally enough..)Go to a different far away qt for some sleeping medicine(Feeling really sad/bad/regretful now)Drive back on Main Street and pass by to see if any cops showed up or anyone was out and aboutMake a right off Main Street, u turn make a left back onto Main Street (to skip red lights)All the while being very quiet and with fog lights off as if it might do anythingDrive past nothing going onOnly after I drove off and away from the random guy did I realize how fucking crazy I came offI need help.Halfly anger from loss of ex girlfriendHalfly anger at myself for being a fucking loserSomewhat about him implying I was racistI never got this mad when I was in my relationship. I don't think I could live with myself if I had this kind of temperament with my ex. I value being a gentlemen around people I'm non-platonically engaged with.I never workout anymore or have any real good or positive outlets for stress.I live in a very stressful house.I basically have nothing or own anything with very little money to my name, my car isn't even mine.I feel like a financial drain and I often contemplate my own life.I drive a nice car, I eat well, but I feel like I don't have anyone else in my life anymore.My ex left me for her best friend's younger brother, younger than me.We'd been in a relationship since highschool, had the same friends, I thought about marriage with her, 3 serious years.One of the fights we had leading to our break up was over trump and immigration and how he's racist but out of context.Felt like my ex thought I was a racist, but then again maybe I was just a shitty boyfriend.I used to smoke weed all the time with her, quit because I had asthma and had developed bronchitis that felt like it was almost going to kill meFew weeks before break up I was really delusional and had a poor grip on time and planning. Would frequently be late or non-communicative as if I was a brain-dead zombie, I was even late to her birthday dinner with all her friends. Hadn't smoked for a month before she broke up with me. Said I was quitting to help her quit and be her support. It's been 6 months now and I rarely smoke. I smoke occasionally but much much less than what I used to be doing, which was daily. I would say I rarely do it now and was not high or have recently done it before this happened and I had an outburst. I don't think the weed is connected, but then again I don't know. Maybe weed was like my dad's cigarettes, but I have my doubts having chosen to quit and not smoke nearly as much.I don't have any friends as they all left the state basically or live hundreds of miles away.I talk with a select few over text but other than that I feel so lonely.I work in a gym but only for a single day a week after failing in sales, got told recently by my uncle who owns my college fund that I have to pay for my own gas and food which I don't have the money for.I'm in school and want to be a PA or physical therapist or psychologist, I love helping people. I just hate myself in a lot of ways and tonight I really didn't care about what happened to me, I just lost my mind like Hercules and all I could hear was "loser" or them snidely staring at me.I'm 21 years old and know I'm on edge constantly.I continually think about where my next meal's going to come from and my parents because of fights (over college money) I've had with them because of in part of all the other stress in my life make me fear I might be homeless. But I think they still love me. I say I love you to them in ending conversations to test and see if they say it back.I have a college fund but it's no cake walk, I feel like I could be on the street at any moment.I need help.This isn't working.I procrastinate a lot but i'm trying to do this. I know this isn't healthy or safe.Please. I need help.
My entire life people have treated anything that bothers me like it doesn't matter. Even if it is a valid complaint.I grew up with everyone in my life telling me how if something affected me it wasn't a big deal because it didn't affect them directly. People royally screwed me over. I'm talking long term. Then turned around and told me, "Not my problem."I'm a grown man and I just accept everything. I see people make a big fuss over something I would never in a million years think to even mention. And then I witness that person being taken care of and things being made right for them. And I get it. The world isn't fair. But when you're constantly told to fuck off as you witness everyone else getting taken care of it gets old.I'm just conditioned to take people's shit. I'm not super popular and I'm quiet and private. So I tend to become a scapegoat when in groups because no one cares what I think compared to what others in the group thinks. So people act differently toward me.I don't get angry often but when I do I just stew. I had a rough childhood and I hate going home. I went home yesterday and got treated like shit so I was already in a bad mood. And then today more stuff just got piled it. Things happen that aren't my fault and I'm left to pick up the pieces of resolve it. Major things happen to me and I'm not allowed to get upset, mad, or irritated. But then a tiny thing will happen to someone and it's a huge deal.\The biggest thing that bothers me is that nothing is ever a problem until I do it. People shit on me all the time and that one time I shit back I'm a horrible person. I just have pent up rage.----A good example if my apartment complex. It's mostly older people. I'm 28. This place is ageist. Management leaves loosely worded notes on our doors with new rules. These rules get followed for maybe a week and get forgotten about.We got some not saying don't do laundry between some crazy hours like don't do laundry between 9pm and 8am. I work and sometimes I work late. Then you have the people who don't work do their laundry at night during this tiny window those of us who do work have to do laundry. Then you have people leave laundry in the washer for an hour and eat up more time we had to do laundry.I have no idea what rules are still in affect. So many of them are broken every single day by multiple people. I had seen others doing their laundry during to don't do laundry window and no hours had been posted in the 4 months after the note was left on our door. So I was doing my laundry at 7 am and this woman shoots out of her apartment once I took it out of the dryer and just berates me and tells me I need to be considerate of her schedule and to go fuck my schedule.And it just got to me how arrogant and entitled she was. Her biggest concern is someone did laundry at 7am.. While my biggest concern is that maintenance came into my apartment and threatened me physically. One morning I woke up around 6 am. I had gotten in late because I was going to school and working full time. I wake up to "Open the fucking door!" And everytime I asked who it was (I am the onlyt one without a peep hole) They just said open the fucking door and kept kicking and punching it.Finally I said look. I'm scared I don't know what's going on. Now keep in mind this has been going on for 10 minutes and no one has come out to see what the deal was or to make sure I was okay. So he tells me water is leaking. So I look in my bathroom and it is. I let the guy in and he gets in my face and says, "When I tell you to open the fucking door you open it!" And acted like he was going to hit me. Then we go into the bathroom and he leaves and comes back with pliers and on his way to the bathroom mocks me. "I'm scared!" And then I say I don't know what your problem is I reacted normally and he got real close to my face again and I just stared at him and he acted like he was about to hit me and I just stand my ground. Then he admits it wasn't my fault. They had used a plastic washer.And I never reported it. I just chalked it up to no one will care because it has only ever literally happened to me. So no one else will be concerned. And in the slim chance the guy got in trouble I didn't want to get him in trouble. That is the kind of thing I put up with but this woman is mad over me quietly doing laundry.. And I never even got my sink fixed. It has been broekn almost 2 years now. I just use the bathtub.----And I have all this pent up rage over everything. And I know you're thinking well you have to stand up for yourself and say something. But it doesn't matter. I always get told well it's your problem. A car ran me off the fucking road today and scratched up my truck and everyone told me it's my fault because I swerved so they didn't hit me and I shouldn't have swerved.. Even the cops. This car was speeding, lost control, and nearly hit me. Then sped off. None of it would have happened if they weren't driving recklessly or didn't come within an inch of hitting me..And by now you're thinking, you're a drama queen and you're making yourself a victim... And maybe I am. But I am so sick and tired of being screwed over and then told to fuck off when i so much as say hey I didn't appreciate that.And I'm sitting here wanting bad shit to happen to other people. Nothing physical just to be put out. I'm just sick of everyone telling me to fuck off but then  making me feel like I need to be considerate of them and their feelings. And I hate people more and more each day and I isolate myself from everyone. I interact only at work. And that is because I have to.I just think maybe I need to talk to someone. But no one in my life has ever really listened to me. And I'm just scared on day I'm going to do something and go to far and get myself in trouble. Because I am liable to snap. ----I actually let the air out of two of the laundry woman's tires one night. Walked out there and took these special stems off this van and put them on hers and left them there for an hour to let the air out. Then went back down and wiped off my prints and put the stems back on the van and wiped my prints off again.The goal was to show her what it is like to be put out. But come Monday morning she literally had the situation resolved in 5 minutes. And that made me mad. That actually made me mad because here I am being screwed over by other people and it taking me weeks to recover. Like this whole ran off  the road thing. I am not exaggerating. A car was speeding, nearly hit me, and ran me off the road when they nearly slammed into me..And it is going to take a lot of money and time to resolve this. And I have to tell my boss and get time off work for it. And it is during a time they are checking all of our driving records even... And everyone is telling me it's no big deal you got ran off the road you're fine just get the truck fixed. Like it doesn't cost money like work won't see that fucking accident and be concerned..And I'm just sitting here thinking about slashing that woman's tires to teach her a lesson. But I won't do it. I won't actually put time into it and actually cause damage to her property.. Letting air out is one thing..Slashing is another..I'm just sick of feeling like there is no hope and that everyone is selfish and no one cares about me or hears me. I'm just a fucking recluse now and I don't know how to interact with people. And I'm scared to try therapy because I'd have to take off work again and again and I can't do that and i don't want to explain why or think up a lie.
So, I am the most angry I've ever been, and I think I might beat my father's girlfriend to a pulp, this woman has taken away almost every human right from me, I'm about to snap if she decides to touch anything I own. I don't know what to do.
Every now and then I get this feeling of anger in me. I don't know where it comes from and unfortunately my GF has to swallow it since we both moved in together. From one second to another I snap and I end up insulting her and kicking the couch. Then we fight and I threaten her to leave. I swear every time I pack my things, I just throw everything in a bag. But I don't really wanna do it. You know. Then I found myself roaming the streets and I normally chill down. Every time I'm apologizing to her but I feel stupid because I can't promise her that it would never happen again.  I love her so much I don't mean hurt her.I suspect these things:1. Boredom. Sometimes I just wanna be a drama queen. 2. It's now eight weeks after my thyroidectomy. It can be a hormone problem, idk.3. Maybe anxiety or insecurity? Please guys, let me know what you think.
I've always been a rather calm person, but I have been going through some troubling times recently. I couldent find a safe outlet for my depression, so I let it transmute into rage. But now I have no outlet for this pent up aggression. I've tried counsellors and excersize but everything seems to cause the anger to get worse, instead of better.
Hi, A man with anger management issues here. I was quite a frequent with me recently, no trick works. I have tried music, gaming and talk but nothing helped, and I am simply feeling anger and rage on specific people. My anger has specific to do with my workplace, esp when I am trying to do my work with all honesty and up to my knowledge, and somebody comes up to me criticising my work or joking on my (work related) shortcomings. And at the same time when I know it's the same people who have more problems to tackle, and more shortcomings to solve then my work. The problem for my side, I take this thing too much seriously, because I feel attached to my work. Other problem, I am bad at time management, which can solve the problem a little bit.I can clearly see that these people can go away doing things on wrong way and I am getting punished for trying my best, I feel either they are purposefully ignoring the boss or the boss is turning a blind eye on them. I have tried to talk with the boss in calmest manner possible and twice the anger came in the way and I had to abandon the talk because I don't want to sabotage my reputation there. This makes me angry everyday, and since last two days I can't control it. Feels like I don't want to control it, and I fear my rage will do a harm for me. I don't find anything to divert my anger to, every time I see these people, I want to get rid of them permanently. 
17 years old, General anxiety disorder, depression and probably some other stuff that i havent been diagnosed for yet.I dont want to insult my family, but if they try to take control when i get angry it just leads to me getting angry at them, this isnt minor anger either, it gets so serious that i get the urge to lash out and i cope by digging my hands into my leg or hitting my arm or whatever feels right at the time.Is there something i can do to prevent this, or maybe a way to explain this?
I bolded what I imagine to be a lot of guys think on this subreddit.> Many of us won't express anger with a loved one. We believe that if we expressed our resentment, it would destroy our relationship and our beloved would leave us. But without the freedom to tell the truth about our experience, our relationships inevitably suffer. When we express only our appreciation and withhold our anger, we lose our ability to be fully present with the ones we love, and, sooner or later, we become less able to appreciate them. This is often why relationships end and families break up. Repressing anger to control other people's behavior (in this case, to keep them from leaving) is ultimately what leads to our inability to make contact with them. Repressed anger blocks the flow of love and creativity that we once experienced around them, and generates a flurry of thoughts for us to get caught up in. The more we are caught up in our thoughts, the less present we are to the other person and to what is happening in our own momentto-moment experience. Once you start getting more honest with yourself about your judgmental, angry mind, you find yourself confronting this question: "How can I express my resentment in such a way that I strengthen, rather than destroy, my relationships with others?" There are ways of expressing anger that work, and there are ways of expressing anger that make the situation worse. The ways that work make things worse for a while and better later. These are the ones you want. **Most people express anger ineffectively, and then, when they see how uncomfortable the situation has become, decide that it's best to leave those feelings hidden. Their conclusion is incorrect.** It is best to learn how to fight so that the air between you and the other person is cleared. When you have "cleared the air," you are free to relate in a brand-new way to that person rather than to your ideas about the person. - Radical Honesty by Brad Blanton
At first it was annoyance, then worry, then anger then sadness. My mom and I tore the house apart, walked the yard, checked my car. Over and over and over. I Stated yelling about how this was bull shit, completely insane. It was a flood of emotions. None of them good.After an hour of me just being utterly ridiculous we found them.....in my fucking ignition. Right where she said they were.I don't normally get this worked up, but when I do, its really not cool. I hate loosing control of my emotions. And once you calm down, It's very embarrassing, and something I could learn to do without.The only reason I'm sharing this is because I know everyone has that one thing that just sets them off.If you'd like to share your experiences and what you do to cope with wanting to scream and act a fool over stupid shit like this, I would love to hear it.
LONG POST BUT PLEASE READ AND HELP ME OUTAll my life I've felt angry for no reason. Literally I will be fine one minute, and the next I turn into this raging, out of line, bad mouthed bitch.I grew up in a great household. My parents love me. I really don't see how I could have developed and anger issue. For as long I could remember I've always had an attitude problem. I've lost countless of friends because of my anger. We get into a heated argument, and the next thing I know I'm shouting mean terrible things to them to hurt their feelings on purpose. In the moment yes I love it I DO NOT hold back on any insecurities they have. After when I realize what I have done I get this sense of anxiety and apathy mixed in one. Weird thing is I'm only out of control angry when it comes to my family good friends and boyfriend. Just the little things they do set me off. Like if I'm talking on the phone to my mother and she makes me repeat myself because she can't hear me, I will yell at her almost to the point where I can hear her voice cracking and sounding like she's about to cry. After I yell at her and think about what I've done I again become overwhelmed with anxiety and apathy. Today was a huge cluster fuck. I went to the DPS today to try and apply for my license. (Yes I'm 22 and still don't have one) before I left my house to go I had asked my boyfriend if would grab a document of mine for me. I show up to the dps have everything ready to go except the document I had asked my boyfriend to grab before we left. Looking back now I understand that it wasn't such a huge deal, we could have easily gone home and grabbed it. Thankfully I found out I didn't have it before I pulled my number and took a seat. In the moment I was so overwhelmed with anger towards him. We got into the car and I. Went. Off!!!! I was crying yelling at him questioning his intelligence. Saying awful hurtful things to him. When I saw that he was just ignoring me. I grew even more angry, I resulted to violence. I started punching him in the face kicking him slapping him. (This isn't the first or the 5th time I have resulted to hitting him because I was so angry with him.) thankfully my boyfriend isn't the kind to fight back. Which he could have easily slapped me or pushed me to the ground. Even though I'm 5 feet and my punching feels like a toddlers punch I know that I had gotten out of hand. Ultimately it was my fault for not bringing that document myself. It was my responsibility not his. Today made me realize if I don't stop this I'm going to lose someone I love. I've let my anger get the best of me too many times. Maybe it's time I actually got professional help. Any advice for me from people who do go to therapy?
I already know that I have major anger problems. As a child when I was unable to cope with these, I used to cut on myself because it was just easier to internalize all of it than express it. I was also taught not to express it anyway, and severely punished (physically) for showing any "negative" emotions. (So, I'd be mad about something, then spanked or smacked for showing the anger, and then also warned not to express any anger for being smacked.) Throughout the years, I did stop cutting, but moved on to other coping tactics, such as binge drinking and throwing things.I'm 26 now and I'm still having such issues with anger, especially irritability. It gets worse during PMS, but it seems as though my PMS lasts for about a week and a half, or 2 weeks. So I have about 2 weeks "off" and then 2 weeks "on" this torture. And it really is torture. I try to not do overtly destructive things anymore (like drinking or cutting) but when I get to that point of no return (usually something that happens at work) I bottle it all up and then release the Kraken when I get home, or somewhere alone. This has involved throwing things, punching (soft) things, ripping things, breaking things, kicking things, all while crying, cursing, hyperventilating, and even demonstrating what would probably look like a 3 year old's tantrum, flailing about the floor, punching the carpet, and screaming.I have never shown this behavior to anyone. I live alone and I'm fairly sure no one knows how bad this is.I have tried breathing exericises/meditation. It just doesn't work for me. In those moments when I see red, I try to take the 10 slow breaths, and I end up hyperventilating and I have to break or throw something. I can't even get passed a few breaths before the surge of violence and rage arises out of me again. I'm lucky I'm single right now, but I already know that if I had a boyfriend and this happened, I would be capable of totally destroying him physically. In those moments that I know I've lost all reasoning, I could definitely physically harm others and become completely violent. I haven't ever done it before, but I just know it.I don't know what to do with myself, guys. I don't know how to control these behaviors at all, whatsoever. I'm very good at hiding it, though, so I guess that is a form of control, but when I get to be by myself, I just lose it.What is next for me if even breathing exercises don't work? When I look at anger management websites, I go through all the tips and techniques and none of them really work for me. I'm so sick of it, but I'm always so fucking angry all the time, so irritable all the time, and none of my tantrums ever help, nothing feels like enough release, not even when I'm hyperventilating and physically worn out.Please help.
Today was my first day of class at the community college I go to. Anyways I wanted to get up nice and early so I could get my things together and look nice. I set my alarm for 6:00am so that I could make it to my 7:00am class. I triple checked that this alarm was set because lately I've had problems with it not going off.  Instead I awoke to the sound of my dad. He said he thought I'd be late. I looked at my phone and it said 7:45. I knew I would miss my first class and that was very important to me because I really want to do my best this semester. This is where I fucked up. I was fully enraged. Without even the slightest hint of a thought, I promptly hurled my iPhone 5s onto my concrete bedroom floor. I heard the crunch of the glass breaking but my heart was racing. It was only on the shower that I realized what I had done. Today I royally fucked up one of the most important things I own. And for the few moments immediately following its destruction I felt incredibly good about it. Followed closely, of course by extreme anxiety and guilt. I needed to get that out. And if anyone knows how to help me or can tell me what I can do in the future to avoid doing something so stupid like this again please please tell me. 
So im 16y M and ive had anger issues for as long as I can remember. It used to be real bad and I got expelled from my Japanese school(like church schoolbut where you learn japanese) and I got suspended a lot too, anyways ive had a lot of built up rage toward my mother. Not that I hate her, as much as it is physically impossible for me to not get mad at her unreasonable behaviour(i.e. Getting mad and yelling at me for deleting a photograph of little importance off of the family camera; taking the cardboard around the eraser off, etc.) anyways I feel like any day im gonna blow up on her because she is incapable of thinking she was wrong in anyway and always expects me to apologize. What should i do to get rid of all this anger (she is SUPER stubborn)?TL;DR: Stubborn mom is unreasonable and my anger problems are coming back because of her, what do?
What do I do? I used to be able to bottle it up but now whenever I get overwhelmed I almost explode. I want to let it out but all I ever do is break things. I wouldn't hurt anyone because the violence is only ever directed at myself but it's getting so much more difficult to hold back these urges. I'm supposed to be asleep since it's 3am & i have school tomorrow but I'm struggling not to smack my head repeatedly at the wall until I pass out right now.
So I sit in my room playing Overwatch and I get super fucking pissed that my aim is not too great and I keep dying. I blame it on my team because it's obviously their fault for not winning. Then some jerk on the other team says "get rekt. 2 ez." And I fucking lose it. I slam down my mouse in frustration...not a good idea. Now the mouse is broken and so it part of the desk.I try to take a break and practice on my piano, but I'm having trouble getting a certain part of the music down, and again get frustrated. Looking for something to break to relieve my anger, I just knock down a small basket thing holding my pencils and pens. Now I have to pick them back up. I'm driving and it's rush hour. I've been at the same light for 3 cycles because people keep blocking the intersection. I scream in a furious rage. The person next to me sees me and I feel self conscious and foolish.It's the weekend and I can sleep in this morning, but I'm awoken by the sound of lawn mowers and leaf blowers. I try to put the pillow over my head, but it just makes me hot. I can't go back to sleep, so I sleepily and angrily go to the kitchen.Too often do I get so angry about almost nothing and feel bad about it afterwards, which makes my angry, further perpetuating my anger. I'm told to calm down by people who don't get angry as easily.
So as the title suggests I get really mad at my parents particularly my mom. Whenever I do something wrong, she just goes and starts screaming. Sometimes she'll decide to stay made for weeks. I know I do things wrong. I won't listen to her sometimes. And she gets mad.The main issue is when she gets particularly mad at something, and stuff she does. For example, I'll be sitting at the kitchen table eating, she'll be doing whatever and muttering loud enough to hear about whatever shortcoming and anything that comes to mind about what I did wrong. I'll get super angry at that, like crying angry. And if I try and talk to her about that, she'll just yell at me and say that she has the right to do that since I did something wrong. It causes me to go and toss out things like photos and internally screaming at my mom. I really don't want to hate my mom, but I can't deal with this.
I cant help being angry all the time. Its a constant rage that burns inside me. Runs through my veins. Trying not to snap at those I love or holding back an irritated, impatient sigh is a HUGE task. I don't care about conversations with anyone. I don't want to be alone and I do want to be alone at the same time. My fiance irritates the shit out of me. I have purposely bashed my head into the wall before in a tantrum, literally, and it didn't even hurt because I was so full of rage. I am so tired and exhausted from being angry. I want to enjoy life. But it is a struggle to even smile. And this isn't me looking for a pity party. This is the fucking truth and how life is for me everyday. And I cant just turn it on and off. I wish I could though. So sick of this. I am not in medication and have refused medication for it for a long time but I am almost to the point of wanting to get a prescription. I cant take this anymore.
I learnt that I'll be going to the same college as my best friend, but I'm afraid she won't want to be near me because of my occasional bursts of rage. I don't want to lose her as my best friend, and I want to be as good of a friend to her as she is to me.Even if it only worked temporarily, is there anything that might take my mind off my anger and focus on helping her?(EDIT: I haven't been treated poorly, I've got a great family, great friends, so it's not me being raised wrong, I don't think.)
You know Dexter Morgan's "Shadow Passenger"You know Jared Leto's "The Joker"Goodthe wolf is hungryHe's not just hungryHe's fucking starvedSome days I don't like him being thereBut nevertheless someone hurts me and he's right back in his same old comfy chairAn hour ago I was wanting to post on here or r/ptsd for help for guidance or advice but that's how fast the switch can beHe woke up motherfuckersC'mere johnny boyJack wants to play
I awaken to the light of day, feeling the seconds draining out of my life, feeling the nothingness pile on top of itself in a fever of insipid despondence. I try valiantly to force myself to stay sober for at least a few hours and manage maybe twenty minutes tops. Im shaking, the rage already bubbling up before Ive wiped the sleep from my eyes. I try to eat something before school, grab a bowl of cereal. I drop the spoon, almost catching it twice in what might otherwise be a comical display if it werent for the savagery with which I envision cutting, maiming, disemboweling the pathetic creature who cannot even do this right, who cannot just fucking stay alive without redefining the limits of ineptitude with each passing second. I stand stock still for a moment, breathing deeply, slowly, willing myself not to do it, telling myself as others have that my perception is distorted and I JUST DONT UNDERSTAND WHY, RYAN, WHY ARE YOU SUCH A FUCKING WORTHLESS PIECE OF SHIT. WHY CANT YOU JUST FUCKING DIE, DIE, DIE AND STAY FUCKING DEAD LIKE THE DIRT, THE FUCKING SCUM THAT YOU ARE.For dropping a spoon.My throat hurts now, from the screaming. I immediately feel the urge to berate myself again for giving the neighboring tenants one more on a long list of reasons to think Im a fucking lunatic. *Well*, I ask myself, *would they be fucking wrong?* I know I deserve to be screamed at again, but I find I dont have the energy. I settle for a callous quip. *You deserve it, you piece of shit. Everything youll never have, you wont have because of YOU*. Im silent without, an impossible cacophony of abuse within. **Just fucking die, you worthless fuck. I will never be able to articulate just how fully I despise you. Die painfully, die fucking painfully you filth, filth, DIRT, SCUM, FILTH-**Eventually Im out there again, in the world amongst others, and I somehow find a way to keep it (for the most part) contained within my head. I speak easily with others, animated and lively and often even jovial in conversation, and no one  I really mean no one  would ever know if I didnt want them to. But I think I do want them to, because sometimes I let it slip. A customer at work will behave obnoxiously and I will lock into their eyes, holding them there, letting them see  letting them feel  the intensity of the chemical reaction going on inside me, making them understand that it doesnt matter who they are, it doesnt matter what they do, they will suffer the specter of rage incarnate standing before them if they choose to proceed down the road they are going. Invariably, they look away. If they did not, I'd eventually do it myself  because I fear what would happen if I were to seriously unleash that feral rage upon a stranger. And I do mean *feral*. Ive never met another person who gets*animalistic* in the way that I do when I am truly enraged. I growl, I bark, I *salivate* in anticipation of feasting on the object of my hatred. Ive spit on a lover in an argument before. No, she didnt deserve it, although if I had made my choice more carefully there had been others who might have. But of course, it wasnt a choice. The conversation went in a certain direction and then my body justtook over. Ive never hurt anyone else in a fit of rage, and unless presented with an actual threat from someone or something exterior to myself I dont believe I ever would  mostly because, before it ever comes to that, Ill invariably take out all of my aggression on myself. My knuckles on my right hand are fucked, and will likely hurt for the rest of my life. I once almost caved in my eye socket punching myself in the face. Ive lost count of how many holes Ive put in walls. Ive lost count of how many fearful looks and disappointed stares Ive received. Ive lost count of the months that have passed that I didnt quietly yearn to be someone, anyone else  someone who only *just* hates himself, even. Because this goes beyond hatred. I dont hate myself; I am the antithesis of myself. I feel as if every moment that I inhabit this body the caustic substance of my loathing is slowly decomposing it, and frankly I wouldnt be surprised if I had a heart attack at a very young age. I justI dont think that a body can take this. Its like a virus inside me is slowly killing the host, unconcerned even with the fact that it cannot survive in its absence.Yet despite all of this, I can still logically delineate the reasons why I dont appear to be more worth hating that most others  sure there are plenty of people who are better than Ill ever be, but so too are there many who are just as bad or far worse. Theres nothing special about me, theres no *legitimate reason* that I can uncover as to why I should have this disproportionate level of anger toward myself. Sowhat is it? What am I so disgusted with about myself? Why does this feeling never leave me?What the *fuck* am I so angry about?
I try not be an angry person but it makes me want to punch them in the face repeatedly.  And I'm the kind of person that wants people to see why and how they are wrong but I've realized that some people still won't get it. How do I move on from that 
I've just come away from a conversation absolutely seething after a loved one told me she was thinking about getting me anger management, and it's made me think that perhaps she's right. I don't get violent and I very rarely yell at people, but I do spend a lot of time in my own head, getting wound up over things that have happened in the past and sometimes it prevents me from sleeping. I've always had a bit of a short fuse with inanimate objects, for example if my laptop is being slow or the internet is going down I will yell and get angry (usually when alone). But this doesn't usually extend to people. Recently I've been really stressed because I have been unable to study abroad due to visa issues, which is a really really big deal for me, and over the past few weeks I have really flown off the handle over this. A few times people have told me to calm down and I've snapped at them for not understanding how important this is to me. When I'm mad I normally avoid talking and making eye contact with people, and I just stew until I get so wound up that I'm awake at 3am and pacing about my room. Are these common symptoms for someone that can't control their temper? Does it sound like I need help?
I work in a call center. Sometimes I will mute the customer and say something like "why is this person so fucking dumb." Other times I will get so aggravated I'll slam the desk with my fist. I'm sure other people do things like this too but the problem is I sit right next to the VP's office. The funny thing is though, the VP has lectured me about getting angry but she is even worse! She gets so upset sometimes she yells curse words which i'm sure customers on the phone can hear. One time she screamed out loud that she wants to shoot herself in the face. In any case, I wish I could control my anger a little better. Another rage trigger for me is if I feel like I am doing more than my share of work. I feel it is not fair sometimes because I have this evil beast woman sitting behind me monitoring everything while people sitting on the other side of the wall are jerking off. 
I punch the wall a lot, often when I think about past events and unfair things that has happened. I get it, life isn't 100% fair. But anyway this just leads to bouts of anger in which I just have a strong urge to smash my first into the wall. Occasionally I damage it and sometimes I bleed. I never broke or seriously injured my hand however. This was all at home, but I'll be moving into an apartment soon (with roommates) so this behavior should not continue - what's a good cathartic way to release some of this anger in a more "healthy" manner? Sometimes I feel like exercise is efficient but sometimes I need a more "instant" solution. Thanks.
Most guys here have had bad experiences with anger. Then they conclude that their anger hurts others, and therefore anger is bad. If anger is bad it must be avoided/controlled. That is the process I imagine that goes through guys heads here. If this is not you, then my post isn't directed to you.I've experienced different kinds of anger. The repressed version, the explosive version and the direct, vulnerable version. In my opinion if you have had a bad relationship with anger that doesn't mean it needs to be controlled or avoided, what I think is it needs to be expressed in a different way than what you've been doing, and expressed MORE regularly, not less. Anger just like any emotion bottles up if not expressed. So express it. What the problem is guys, suppress it too often, then they explode once or twice and since there's so much of it, other people tend to react badly, and the guy stays away from anger, only to repeat this pattern again later on. Controlling/suppression/avoidance doesn't work. Anger management is dumb as shit. You can learn some things like how exercise and meditation can prevent anger, but to actually get rid of built up anger? That shit needs to be expressed.
I had a top Ivy league STEM degreeI worked for a startup for low pay in a high cost city. I followed bad career advice reallyJust before getting my stock options at the 2 year mark I was asked to come into a room alone with female manager. She had sabotaged a project and put the blame on me. I was really offended and upset. I didnt shout but had to excuse myself from the room. I was so upset and angry that I did not return to work that day (missed 3 hour of work).Next day I have a formal meeting where a fake story of what happened is written down. I am told I assaulted her. I cant prove that I didnt. I get a written warning. I basically try to hold on in order to keep my options. But the female manager and CTO kept sabotaging my work. I didnt fully realise it at the time, I kept giving benefit of the doubt.I have nightmares. I cant control my thoughts. I've been out of work for nearly 2 years. Around about the time this happened I had a terrible thing in my personal life happen and witnessed a man get crushed by a truck and killed metres away from me. Something about the combination of these together affected my brain. I saw a girl sleep with somebody she shouldnt have and she gaslighted me over 6 months. All my friends were in on it - they saw a damsel in distress and helped her try to convince me I was psychotic. I never cared about what I saw, but she needed me to believe I was hallucinating all the time. Eventually I proved she was telling lies with video evidence. But the friends refused to acknowledge anything they had said or done. They were opening all my mail, had my facebook password, and would come to my office demanding to take me to A&E for no reason. I had to cut them out of my life as the pain was so great. Some of these people I had known since 2 years old.I went homeless for a while then sold my car and moved back in with parents who are supportive. I am about to turn 27. Some of my friends are making 500k in private equity and hedge funds. I have closed so many doors. I cant change the past but I will only be able to work shit jobs from this point forward. They have ruined my health and my career. 2 years of mistakes at the wrong time have stopped me from reaching 10% of my actual potential.I accept blame for not changing some things. I was too trusting and so on. A lot of my anger is directed at myself. But it feels better to direct it at others. I was suicidally depressed for a year as I accepted too much responsibility. I was naive.I cannot forgive myself for taking myself down this path. I have tried everything. How can you forgive yourself?I have an anxiety disorder that means I have to vomit before and during sex. And every time I go to the gym and deadlift or squat I faint or vomit. I keep pushing through, but nothing seems worth it. I cant hold relationships and staying fit means vomiting in public 4 times a week and I think its really bad for me.I have a 70% chance of suicide and I think of murdering these two people every day - I cannot stop.How can I forgive and forget?
I feel a deep and bitter pit of resentment in my stomach every hour of every day. This is a result of many many small things coagulating into one giant ball of hatred and rage. I've tried controlling it, but fucking hell. What am I supposed to do? Just let people shit on me? Just let a rude comment slide? How much humility does a normal person have to have? When someone talks about me badly, I come out with comebacks and honestly, they're not good. Not good meaning I'm saying awful and extremely hurtful things because I want them to hurt because they fucked with me. I've only gotten violent once or twice over the span of my life (Age 17). When I'm alone, I scream. I rage and scream until my vision blurs and I pass out from either light headedness or exhaustion. This happens too often to just be a normal "flip out". It hurts so bad now and my head feels like it's going to explode. How can I melt away the hatred? Is there any exercising I can do that helps?
I have a tendency to COMPLETELY overreact to situations that happen. I often use foul language when not necessary, I make a closed mouth scream that I can't stop when something as simple as a computer issue happens. I'm heavily prone to shouting when in an argument. I want to stop, but it just happens. I have little to no control when I shout or let a bad word slip, and it's almost always an overreaction. I need to find a quick way to get ahold of myself, but I don't know where to search.
I have seen a couple of post of people asking for material recommendations, I thought I would create a post with the materials I have used on my journey.  While I am far from being anger free, I have come a long way in the last 3 months.  First, let me say that talking to a licensed psychologist about my issues has been the most helpful, not for the information they give (it is the same as the books), but for the active feedback.  If you have extra money and insurance, I recommend finding someone with a PHd from a reputable school.  I have learned a lot of the younger ones get it from some online only school.  My real life job deals in education and trust me on this one, please.  While the information they get might be the same, someone who has gone through the process at an actual school 9 out of 10 times will be better for you.  Just my thoughts though.  **The first book I started with was Beyond Anger.** This is a book specifically tailored to men and their anger issues.  This book is written for the beginner and speaks in a language I could understand easily.  The author broke the issues down in way that made a lot of sense.  For a while I would listen to a chapter or two a day to remain centered.  Overall, I cannot recommend this book enough, especially if you are just starting your journey.  It is written to be easily understood and is extremely well written to help you and not just point out your mistakes.Pros: * Written for the beginner.  If you dont know if you have an anger issues, the first two chapters will open your eyes * How it breaks down the issues and why you have them. * Emotion/feeling mapping: this was really hard at first, but has gotten a lot easier and a big help in my journey * Types of anger and typical pitfalls of each one * Short term strategies for dealing with your anger Cons: * It is a little dated, it was last updated in the 90s, but the examples are still valid and can be paralleled to issues today.    * Very basic and does not delve too deep into specifics  This is about a 6 hour listen on the audiobook.  The book can be bought here:https://www.amazon.com/Beyond-Anger-Guide-Free-Yourself/dp/1569246211/ref=zg_bs_3568218011_12 **The next book I read was The Anger Trap.**This book is more general and written for both genders.  The first couple of chapters explore anger and how it as bad physically as emotionally.  It goes pretty in depth and very details about what anger has caused you.  The middle of the book is used to explore the different types of anger using various examples.  This is done mostly through a hypothetical counseling session.  The end of the book deals with strategies for dealing with anger.  While these are helpful, for me, Beyond Anger explained them more concisely.  There is a little religious aspect to this book, not much, but it is present.  This was a great book to further explore my anger and learn more about it.  I would definitely consider this book an intermediate read.  I would recommend this book for someone who wants a research based book on anger.  It is not the most technical, but it definitely is a little more than most of the books on the market.  I think this book is for people who know they have an anger issue and want to take another step forward.Pros:* Really breaks down anger issues and their causes.  Chapter 5 &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp; 6 do this well.* Great examples that are grounded in the real worldCons:* For me, the beginning was a little technical.This is about a 10 hour listen on the audiobook.  This book can be found on amazon here:https://www.amazon.com/Anger-Trap-Yourself-Frustrations-Sabotage/dp/0787968803/ref=sr_1_1?s=books&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;ie=UTF8&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;qid=1471737970&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;sr=1-1&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;keywords=the+anger+trap**The third book was the Untethered Soul.**While this book does not deal with anger specifically, it does deal with a lot of the issues angry people deal with, like that voice in your head that focuses on the negatives.  It is a little hippieish, but I have really come to love this book.  I listen to chapters 2-5 on a regular basis.  The first 6ish chapters deal with the voice in your head and how to center yourself.  I found this to be extremely useful and the best thing I have found in my journey.  The middle of the book deal with energy centers and how to remain open.  The end of the book are ways to incorporate this into your daily life.  Overall I would recommend this to people in the intermediate stage of their journey and have accepted their anger and want to know what to do next.  It is a great book to relax you on those stressful days and a good reminder that you can control your anger.Pros:* Really well written and simple to understand* Gives a great idea of how our emotions can impact our lives and what to do about it* Has given me a lot of peace* Teaches that the mind is the WORST thing to listen to because it is crazyCons:* It has a hippie bend to it, like excepting your pain and letting it go.  I believe you have to be at a certain part of your journey to truly understand this book.  This is about a 9 hour listen.You can find this book on amazon here:https://www.amazon.com/Untethered-Soul-Journey-Beyond-Yourself/dp/1572245379/ref=sr_1_1?s=books&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;ie=UTF8&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;qid=1471738509&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;sr=1-1&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;keywords=untethered+soul**The fourth book I have read is Getting to Yes**This book deals with communication styles and ways to do it better.  As another aspect of my life is negotiations, I found this book great for both my professional and personal life.  This books talks about different ways we negotiate, whether at work or at home.   I would recommend this book if you want to work on your communication with other people.  It really does not deal with anger, but if your anger is hurting your communication with your S.O., I would probably give this a read.  Best quote for me is Latin root for convince is conquer.  Remember that the next time you are in an argument, what exactly are you trying to accomplish.  Pros:* Short Listen* Great strategies for dealing with people in heated situations, more of a step by step instruction* If you know what win-win negotiations are, give this a read* Very usable for the professional life and interactions.  Cons:* Does not deal with anger specifically, may not be useful for youThis is a short listen at 5 and half hours.You can find this book on amazon here:https://www.amazon.com/Getting-Yes-Negotiating-Agreement-Without/dp/0143118757/ref=sr_1_1?s=books&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;ie=UTF8&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;qid=1471739018&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;sr=1-1&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;keywords=how+to+get+to+yesI am a audiobook fan; you can get all of these for FREE from amazon through audible if you sign up for a 90-day trail.  You get 1 book a month.  Even if you cancel right after you download 1, you get to keep the book.    Currently reading:* How we learn* From conflict to caring Feel free to add your reviews of anything that has helped you here.EDIT: I tried to format this better, but it keeps getting squished.  Any recommendations for that?  
I once heard that they have a subreddit for for everything, so I decided to see if they had one for anger issues and here I am, creating an account to share my story and would appreciate adivce on how to change.If you seen me as a young child you would think much of me,get to know me and you'll soon realise im wimpy, you could walk all over me and I would apologise for dirting your shoes. Everyone I went to school with and their parents knew I was not a threat and might even think I won't amount to much. Things started to change.Late years of high school, past the awkward stages of being 13, everyone was just relaxed, not scared of the social disaster that is high school. Im no longer the wimp, but I still blend in, everyone would leave me be but dont know that I could stand up for myself, keeping in mind I wouldnt pick a fight, just wouldn't let me or my friends get hurt.Backstory over time to get on with the fireworks. About a year ago I would say everything in my mind got alot more annoying. I couldn't tell you where it came from just that I was aware it was happening and was something I needed help with.Eventually. My girlfriend of the time (2 girlfriends ago) would understand all too well, I would get angry like everyone else; bad drivers;football games;normal arguments with normal people. But I would also snap at things, little things;the house is too warm, i drop something, computers crashing. now these are frustrating sure but how do you define snap? yell loudly? knock stuff over? I came to the point of self harm. No cutting, no knives but punching, walls, my own legs, my own head (to look at me you would think I had a mental disability) even as I write this my hand are slightly bled from a recent episode. I found in this time that whenever I snapped it was always at myself, I blamed me for anything that happened, even for stuff out of my control, I knew I shouldnt but it gets away from me.Time passes and relationships end my most recent girlfirend beyond words. This girl is everything to me, out of my league, sweet and perfect for me, too many words to describe and not enough time,(I SWEAR I WOULD DO ANYTHING FOR THIS GIRL). Even though we dont always like the same things, we got on so well, we could talk out everything and get to know each others life, hobbies interests, this was my first adult relationship, no more pretending to be someone else to get them to like me, we were our own people but in harmony with each other.I told her one day I have anger issues, I also told her i ddint want her to see them, she understood but reassured me, shes was a real tough cookie, she broke her ex's arm in a fight, she had her own issues too but I dont think she fully understood the extent of my problems as I didnt know the fully extent of hers.The day of the end: its a wednesday morning, Im giving her a lift into town, to drop something off, then on the drive home she tells me she is going to her grandads. I melt.Something happended inside along the lines of the same 3 sentances "she doesnt love you" "she doenst want to hang out with you" " this is your fault" I put myself in a bad mood and it led to a fight, just a normal one, something stupid about how it feel like she doesnt want to hang out with me. (im a selfish bastard i know and im sorry, i really really am)We get back to hers ready for me to drop her off and i follow her in, normal fight still going, still being an arsehole, going and going followed by a long period of silence, no talking, not even looking at each other. Eventually I realised why this fight happened and I broke down with apologies, but still with fight kinda going on about how ealry in this realtionship, we need to be talking more, being a new (and my first adult) relationship. Its come to the conclusion me being there was making everything worse, Isaid something along the lines of "right i dont think we are gonna solve anything right now, im gonna go home, we will cool off and talk about it later, I love you". She shrugged me off. Oh no.This is gonna be bad. Very similar to the previous experience I have the same 3 sentances running through my head,one stands out "she doesnt love you" "she doesnt love you" "SHE DOESNT LOVE YOU". Holding my hoodie I snap louder than I have before, slamming it to the floor, all my energy goes towards similar sentences of "dont walk away from me, for fuck sakes" (it wasnt in a complete bastard way, there was alot of please dont and the whole snap was said with tears in my eyes, pain in my heart, but please dont feel remorse it was still horrible for me to do) my snap dissapears in seconds when I looked into her eyes,complete fear. She grabbed me and kissed tried to calm me down but it was all gone, I apologised for her seeing it i said i loved her and left.Many days later she barely talked to me until i questioned her, she said that I had a look in my eye, and that she saw something in me, the look of one of her ex's who was an abuser and that her hearing I have anger issues was a different story to seeing me snap. I scared away the only person I've truly loved. I did everything I could to convince i was a threat to myself and noone else, that she was a braver stronger person than the both of us,but she had already made up her mind.Im now alone, very depressed and still have anger issues, Ive got noone to turn to for this and am looking for advice, support anything, i just need helpIve never told anyone this but we havent dated that long but I swear to god I would have married that girl
I'm currently 3 weeks into a 2 month internship at a civil engineering firm. I'm working together with two other interns most of the time on any projects they want us to do. I am 3 years older than they are.Today I was sitting on my computer and heard my female coworker start talking with another collegue in the other room. She obviously didn't realize that I could hear every word she says because she starts talking about because she started saying how I am a loser for doing this position at my age and what I'm even doing there among other things. It was pretty rough and went on for about 5 minutes. After that I packed my stuff and started leaving. As I walked past them her face was kinda hilarious since she realized that I heard everything. I just stared at her and said "See you on monday".I'm still pretty angry and depressed and don't really know how I approach this. Two little fun sidenotes:1) The girl is actually the boss' daughter2) I actually really liked her, she is super cute and actually thought about asking her out once we don't work there anymore. Guess that's not happening.
I used to feel bad after getting angry with people but its just blatant no one really cares about anyone anymore. I try to apply the golden rule to everything treat others as you wish to be treated right? So what do I do when what is important to myself is constantly being taken, used, and forgotten about with absolutely no regard or remorse? The last thing I want is to yell about anything, Its actually one of the things I dislike the most on a daily basis either projected or received. But eventually It just happens I flow into a seething rage clenched teeth and taught muscles. I've stopped feeling the regret when it happens I just feel more and more hate. My teeth hurt. My muscles everywhere are sore. and my throat is burning. After it happens my mind is racing and full of anger for hours and I cant stop it. Why do people screw me over?
So I live in a small cheap apartment complex, I was given a ride home by a friend and we stopped so i could get out, suddenly someone behind us rolls up and honks, I quickly get out realizing I was blocking the road, said bye to my friend and they drove off. Now as this other car rolled past they slowed down, some douche bag and his girlfriend from the looks of it, both looking at me and the girl calls me a fucking idiot and flips me off over and over with a smug look. My first response was to follow them but I didn't. It's a really small complex I bet I could find the car, I want to leave a note saying "try being nicer to people." but I realize I should probably just let it go. I'm just so mad on the inside right now.
Hello everyone, I am aware that I will get alot of hate for this, but I want to change.After reading this story: https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/4xu0yy/my_girlfriend_elaborately_made_me_homeless/I came to the conclusion that I might have some control issues and anger issues.I love my girlfriend so, so, so much and I want nothing more than her to be happy, preferable with me.In fights I often feel the need to control her, by grabbing her when she walks away or standing in the doorway so she can't leave. The moment I realised I sometimes do the things the OP from the other topic mentions I felt a huge sadness fall over me.Please help me change myself. I love this girl and would do anything to protect her, even if it is from myself.
I have a weird combination of anger and depression. It's weird. I know irritability can be a part of depression, though I don't know the average intensity for most depressed people. I am trying to research if I'm bipolar. I am on medicine for depression, and it helps for the most part.I have strange outburts, a lot of the times on the road, sometimes at home in private where I result to self-harm. In the past it's been at home or growing up with my parents destroying things. I am ashamed, scared, and fantasize about dying. A few times this year, on the road, when someone honks at me or tries to cut me off I speed up, take crazy turns, drift, rev, burn out, etc... I don't know why, maybe to scare other person, maybe to hopefully get killed. If someone countered my rage by killing me, that would be a relief.I was a troubled child. I don't ever remember being care free. Growing up in my parents house I had significant anger problems, after being beat by my father and mother until I was 14. I fought back, went crazy, and put holes in the wall, destroyed things, and yelled. They stopped hitting me after that, but I didn't stop hitting other things or destroying objects. When I was 16 or 17, I threw a knife at my mom and also threatened to kill myself by holding a large knife to myself shortly after that. Around that time, I drove my car into the garage door of my parents house out of frustration.Not until one of my early girlfriends at 19 did I try to control my anger. She made me so angry that I took off my own shirt and stabbed it with the knife I was using to cook. It's been over 10 years since then, and my outward anger has been reduced because of that single event, I realized I was becoming a monster. So I stuff and let things like anger, bitterness, resentment, and envy eat away at me. The anger is still there, but I'm trying to wrestle with it and control it. One time I was so angry with a person and horribly depressed as well that I attempted suicide. I woke up in the ER. That person was a fiancee of mine, who admitted to cheating on me with multiple people on top of other distressing things that happened between us. That was my second attempt, this first one was when I still lived at my parent's house.
I'm sad and feel misunderstood.  Like my brother and his wife, and her father especially, just don't understand that I have depression and anxiety and am moving through it.  3 years ago was the worst of it with an episode where I couldn't stop obsessively thinking about driving my car off the road, had panic attacks, quit my job because it I was in serious danger of ending my life or doing something stupid on the road and injuring someone else's.I've come so far since then, I'm looking in to going back for my masters now after being terminated from my last job 6 months ago and struggling to find full time work.  I shared this with my family at a get together earlier today.Sigh I don't even want to write it all out and explain it all.  But I just feel that my brother's wife and her father like don't understand that I have a mental disorder.  I felt belittled, like my problems don't exist.  Like I didn't struggle every day WITH WANTING TO BE ALIVE ASSHOLE, like my problems don't exist because they aren't visible.  I'm just so sad, disappointed, I still feel betrayed when I opened up about leaving my job 3 years ago when I was having suicidal thoughts, they just don't understand how bad it was.  I thought they did, but they don't get it.  It's like it never even happened.  Like I'm magically cured or something.  I feel so unsupported when I spend time with them, and I've contemplated cutting them out of my life a lot in the last few years, but I feel like I'm overreacting and I'd love to have a nice relationship with my brother someday but I don't know if it's even possible.  I still feel so betrayed from a few years ago that I don't think I'm able to fully open up or trust them all ever again, because I felt like they pushed me on the path to ruin.  But again, they likely didn't understand how truly bad I was.  And I don't know if I've ever shared with them how truly bad I was.  But they know I go to therapy every week, like I'm not doing that because life is all hunky dorey. I just don't know how to reconnect.  We're such different people, I can't get past that situation a few years ago.  I feel like we make slight progress here and there in our relationship, but then events like tonight happen and it causes me to question why I even bother with these relationships in the first place (because I love them and hate them and don't trust them with my deepest emotions).  How could we ever be close if I don't open up again?  But how can I open up again after feeling so let down.  It's just so frustrating.  I'm not a failure, I'm trying but I don't know how to do it all.
It's been a long time since I've lost my temper and I've kept my cool but when my mum just kept nagging about the things I do wrong I normally just listen to her and do what she says but this time I just lost my temper it just came out of nowhere. Not meaning to sound a bit of a cringe but it just took over my mind and I just went to my room and continuously punched my door until my fists went bloody and I just fell to the floor sobbing like a child. I couldn't think of anything other than "it's your fault, you fucked up again" and now I'm back to my bad state and I need help guys. I've kept a positive attitude for so long and this just came out of nowhere. What can I do to stop these outburst of anger?
I truly do not understand myself anymore. I had issues with anger as a child. This was due to the fact that my father was verbally and physically abusive to the family and that was bullied at school. As a child I bullied my younger siblings now realizing this was due to me wanting to feel powerful somehow. When I went into my teenage/young adult stage I was well liked, people always thought of me as the last person to lose their patience and or temper. For the past almost two years I've been in a very meaningful relationship with the woman that I love and it seems that it's her that I lose my temper. I think it has to do with me actually caring about her and what she thinks.I seem to lose my temper when I least expect it, but worse then that it comes so quickly. I can hardly get any warning. Obviously there is some trigger like me feeling a lack of her attention or her making a decision without me but normally it would not bother me. Why is it I go crazy sometimes and am cool in another?I throw things. I cry. I yell at no one in particular. It all becomes a blur and I dont know what Im doing. Last week I smashed my phone because my girlfriend said I was spending too much time on it even though I was planning a vacation. I dont know what to do and she is afraid of me when I get this way. I dont want to hurt her and sometimes feel like I need to take time to myself but I truly love her. Should I see a proffesional?Are there anger therapists?Please Help. Jason.
But why the fuck am I still so angry? I feel like I have anger issues. I'm starting to feel like I have a problem. I am specifically talking about anger when it comes to my SO. I love her so much. I would never hurt her intentionally, I never have and never will physically abuse her. But the thing is... I get angry when she has fun with other people. I get enraged when she visits her family and enjoys it. I get so uncomfortable when she hangs out with her friends. I don't know what it is. I love her, I want the best for her, I want her to have fun... with me. She does. She loves me. We have fun together all of the time... but I get jealous when it's not me. When I don't know where she is after work, when she does simple things that I am not aware of, I get intense emotions of hatred, or jealousy, or betrayal. Either or all of those. I don't know. When she doesn't text me, I get mad. We recently had a conversation that made me realize something that I now agree with. She said that "You always try to make ME feel guilty... always. It's nobodies fault! We had a misunderstanding." and "I end up apologizing to you and accepting my wrong doings, when it was both of us not being on the same page." Why am I not level-headed?I am visiting some family in California. I haven't seen her in a few weeks, so needless to say, I am pretty sexually frustrated. I've decided not to fap while I'm here. This has led to me being more "on edge" than usual. I feel a lot more calm after writing this. It's almost always something different that I get angry about. I think it boils down to her not being safe and careful. I don't want to lose her. She means so much to me. But I hate some of her actions. We've been together for about two years. A little under. My biggest question is... why do I get angry/jealous of her so easily, and is this normal to feel? I have the mindset of "if I can't have fun, then nobody else can." I am very passive aggressive. How can I stop becoming so jealous of her, and not have to lie about being happy for her when she has something good go on in her life?Sorry for the wall of text. TL;DR I get jealous of my SO really easily. I hate it when she has fun without me. How do I fix this?
Shitty things going on. Keeping a cool head. I've always managed to be like a duck on the water. Today though I've wanted to impact something with my fist that wouldn't feel it. Sad part is I'm constantly on the road.
I just realised I am short tempered and after getting drunk it get worse. Majority of this temper comes from jealousy as I can't bear another random guys achievement. I have a habit of over thinking and that make this things worse another problem is I have a huge ego problem. Please guys suggest something, I am thinking of reading some book that mainly focuses on ego, over thinking and anger. 
When I was young I often got in screaming matches with my mom.Now whenever she makes me angry I slam things around, like banging pots on the counter.  I only noticed it recently and I probably have been acting this way for a while.Anyone else notice a change in how they express anger?  For people who are more experienced in anger management, is this behaviour an escalation?  Should I be worried?
I don't want people to think my age (17) has anything to do with why I'm like this, so I'm gonna start from the beginning. At age 14 I was diagnosed with depression, and I was put on Zoloft. I was put on Zoloft because I was cutting, but depression was not the root problem at the time. I felt like I couldn't turn to anyone, I felt like I was misunderstood. So I started cutting my wrist to get attention, and I succeeded In doing that but I had no idea what I was getting myself into. I felt so alone, that for the first time I opened up to my mom and said I needed help. A family crisis worker came over and talked to me, its a very blurry memory because it was years ago so that's all I remember from that part. Within the same year, my mom paid a psychiatrist, he heard me out and then he heard my mom out. He said I had depression but I was only 14 so I wasnt that good at describing how I felt. Now I know I was misdiagnosed. I stopped taking Zoloft to try smoking weed for the first time, because the Zoloft didn't change anything about how I felt day in and day out.  I tried it and it helped, only when I was on it, I also found myself to be more irritable from not smoking when I wake up, until I smoked, but I felt that this was better than prescription drugs. That's when I started to enjoy smoking almost everyday, and I would go out and make money just to make sure I had it so I wouldn't have to worry about another episode, and I know my mom didn't like it but I didn't know what else to do. Eventually, I met this girl named Shayla the following year when I was 15. I had no idea what real love was because I had never meant it before unless it was family. I loved her and I knew it was real. Eventually, my anger started to progress even though I was still smoking weed at the time. I have never been and abusive person, but there were certain things she could do or say and I would just snap. I have never beat on her but I have hit her before in a pure rage, and of course she forgave me whenever it happened. Before that I've never had behavior like this and I've never seen my mom get abused. Eventually she turned out pregnant 6 months into the relationship, her mom was highly upset and so was my mom. There was nothing that could be done so I started living with her. We dated for a total of 11 months, arguing almost everyday. I guess you could say, I wanted to be grown, so I got a glimpse of what that was like and I wasn't ready, I'm still not. Soon before me and her split, I started living with my mom again. She was highly upset that we didn't live together anymore, even though my mom would bring me over there everyday at one point, my own mom even felt that I had betrayed her and Shayla before her. I went to her baby shower at her aunts house, surrounded by her family and friends. I felt that she wasnt the same anymore, i felt like all she wanted from me was a baby, something my mom had felt long ago when me and her first started dating but i didnt listen. None of her family liked me and i explained to her that i didnt feel comfortable, i also told her i felt like she didnt care about me anymore, in return all i got was a whatever response. I ended up calling my mom and leaving. At this point in time I was 16, i was still in school, but I had just gotten out of school one day about a week later because the school day was over. Me and her got into an argument because her mom was so upset that I left, she said we aren't allowed to see each other for a couple of weeks. On that same day I threatened her that if I didn't see her I would do something to hurt her, nothing specific. I was unaware of my ow emotions, I was blinded by love, something I had never felt to this extent before, I just didn't know how to react. She broke up with me the same day, I cried all night until I fell asleep. I cried so much I felt like a different person when I stopped crying eventually. One day the following month, I was jumped for the first time and I dropped out of school because I was afraid of what I would do if I saw any of them. It was the only school in my district so I felt like I had no choice, along with no self control. She eventually pressed charges on me for misdemeanor communicating threats because we were texting when I threatened her out of anger. I immediately went into a rage downtown and I had to walk around to be calm enough to talk. From that point on, I was constantly reminded of how my mom was right, that she was no good for me. I should've taken the signs into account, her always wanting no condom, wanting me to ejaculate inside of her, but I loved her so much I decided not to care what anyone else thought. When I went to court, her mom said she wanted a no contact contract against me, I thought it was just for her, but it actually meant I wasnt allowed to have any contact with my child, even though he was not born yet. I have never had a chance to see him or anything. The contract will be off august 30th and I've been assigned to take anger management classes. I was assigned to do them about 7 months ago, and now I only have 2 more classes left, so when I'm done I wont be under a no contact contract anymore by august 30th of this year. I don't know where she lives, I don't know her knew number and she blocked me awhile back, but during these past months I'd gotten texts and Facebook messages from her friends saying I was a deadbeat who would never amount to anything. She lied, she told them I didn't wanna be around. She never told them I would go to jail for even being around her, she didn't tell anyone about the no contact agreement I was forced to sign. I felt trapped like I deserved everything that was coming to me. I never knew where my anger started but everytime I got mad I ended up being violent. I felt like a completely different person when I was in a rage, it was so many mixed emotions I always over reacted to every situation. This past July my Papa just passed and I had 4 main people my whole life. My mom, sister, and my Nana and Poppa. My poppa is gond now and I feel that it has made my rage even more of a problem. I recently hit my sister in the head last week during an argument and I never denied doing it, I've just started to really not care anymore. I'm 17 now and I feel that this is so much for me to handle, I just don't know what to do I feel lost. I have family support, but within myself I have no mental support, I feel like I've given up on my life.At this point I am willing to do anything to improve my life, I haven't smoked any weed for about a week, which is the longest I've gone in years. I haven't had an appointment in so long but I voluntarily set up an appointment with a psychiatrist for this Wednesday because the anger management classes had no effect. I am willing to get back on medication, no matter what I have to do. I am not willing to be hospitalized because I was sent to a mental facility before but it had no effect because I was put in there with people who where mainly suicidal and homicidal. None of them had anger as bad as mine which made me result to self criticism.God has a positive purpose for me so I am hanging on to the smallest bit of hope that I will be put on some serious anger medication to at least make this easier for me.I'm not giving a sob story. I have did my dirt and owned up to it. But I have lost a majority of my hope. I'm hoping to meet someone else who feels similarly to me, someone who can relate is all I ever wanted. Someone who can understand.
I am 22 years old, and the trauma from my childhood is starting accumulate and take its toll on me now. I guess now since I'm a year from graduating college, working out more and developing a more assertive personality as opposed to my timid self in high school and early years of college, it infuriates me that I'd ever allowed myself to have ever been put in a vulnerable position to be bullied. Now, EVERY time someone gives me a dirty look or even criticizes what I do, I become hostile. It's gotten to the point to where I'm constantly contemplating myself going out to assault the first person who tries to even remotely start anything with me. I just need someone with advice that can reassure me that I'm just overthinking and overreacting. Please. 
Rant time. My anger has hurt so many people in my life. Just yesterday I went off on my partner over an imagined insult. My rage lasted all afternoon and evening before I could calm down. As per usual,  I realized pretty early in the fight that I had misread the situation and everything was OK but I just can't stop myself. It's terrifying. It's like I'm two different people. The worst part about it is not only does it affect my partner, it throws our entire family off balance for a few days every time this happens. My dog paces around. It scares my 3 month old baby too. They nurse or sleep as well after. That's like a knife through my heart knowing that I'm betraying my sweet baby's trust. I want to teach my baby compassion and love, not this hateful angry shit. I've been trying to get help all my life. My parents didn't believe in mental health until I tried to commit suicide, but even after that they weren't very supportive. I saw a few doctors and therapist but none of them were people I could trust. Then I lost health insurance for a few years and have been homeless for the past year. Now I'm finally in a place where I can get help, but talking to social workers and my primary care provider have gotten no where. I'm calling today about another therapist who seems like they'll be a good fit but that's just to get on an 8 week wait list. I guess it's better than nothing, but I don't know what to do in the meantime. I don't want to go off on my family again. I'm sick of being an unpredictable rage monster. I can't trust myself or my perception. I just feel like it's a matter of time before I blow again, and there's nothing I can do to stop it.  I'm willing to do anything to change. I've been trying so hard for so long. Why won't anyone fucking help me?  How am I supposed to keep my family safe from me?  I thought of just leaving,  but I can't abandon my baby. I don't know what the right thing to do is.
I've got anxiety and have been depressed this past week and i've been feeling worse than ever lately. I don't like to think of myself as an angry person so I hide it when I can but it sometimes gets too much and I snap. Well I guess that happened today after it has been building up over the past week or so. I won't go into detail what caused me to just lose it aside from the depression but I grabbed a knife and just started stabbing a box over and over and kicking it with a lot of force and then punching a wall and pillow a few times after. I know you need to let your anger out but I really don't feel good about myself after this. I don't know if what I just said sounds stupid but I was tempted to stab myself so a box was the only alternative around to let it out. Hopefully that made sense but I just needed a place to talk about it. 
I have issues with my mom, we fight from time to time and it's shit.I do have anger problems, and I am working on it. I am causing problems, but I want to change it. However, my mom does have her own as well.It get irritated by a stupid triggers. I now it can be irrational but it is the way it is.I am entering a living room which is connected to a small kitchen. My mom is as always with her stove, there's only two places you can find her - she obsessively washes dishes or abuse the stove. I say abuse because it's always on. It felt apart but is still working. There are electrical problems on it, and the gas installation is semi working. The problem I have is since it is connected to a living room it raises the temperature very much in the room, and it is a middle of the summer.We have a functioning kitchen outside that is for the summer. It's not as fancy as the inside one but it can be used. At least the stove.I have begged her to start using the outside one - the stove is much better, and there won't be problems with the temperature. But nothing, 35 years of habit does it.I know, this sounds stupid, but it is really pissing me off, and I don't want to make any scenes which I could. I did not want to write this one sided, and get your sympathies, but rather objectively. I have anger problems, and stupid things can trigger me. This is why I stopped myself from doing anything and came here to write the experience. And hopefully to do something better about it.This simply triggered me, and it's way it is. When I think more about it, it might be not even what I described, but her obsessive behavior that triggers me- because she does not talk to me. It was even before my anger problems. She was always so fearful and closed and distant. And now even afraid of me. We were quite an emotionally dysfunctional family, and since my father died in 2011 it become even worse. Instead of that bringing us together we as a family totally fell apart - I developed anger problems, and my mom completely closed in herself. I can't reach her, she just has a blank stare when I am talking about my pain, and it hurts. Very much. And makes me angry.I should probably stop here. If you have any inputs it would be very helpful. Thank you for reading.
Sometimes I just make up shit in my head that would probably never happen, and it only makes me angry. I know it's normal to think depressing or weird or fucked up thoughts in private, I think a lot of people do that. But sometimes I just start thinking about shit like what I would do to somebody if they looked at my little sister the wrong way or said this and that and provoked me. I fantasize about really hurting people. I'm pretty sure that's normal too, I hope at least, but I kind of want it to stop. Every time I lie down for bed my mind wanders into this area where I want something fucked up to happen so I can have a reason to be angry, and then I stop, take a step back, and realize I'm fucking mad. Does my mind go to this place to distract me? Or does it just happen? It definitely doesn't help me go to sleep.Does anyone else do this kind of thing? Anybody have any advice?
Hello Reddit, thanks for clickingI'm a 17 year old male who's never had problems with rage in the past. Yesterday, I got news that my girlfriend of two years who left me recently was seeing someone else (whom she assured me was "just a friend" for months before the breakup). I got angry, moreso than I've been in recent memory. That anger triggered a panic attack (which I get regularly) and I blacked out for what my family says was about 10 second. When I came to, my dad had me leaned forward because I was gushing blood from both nostrils. I called my doctor, who says it was probably a blood pressure spike. I want to avoid going on meds, but what if that burst vessel had been in my brain? I'd appreciate your best anger control techniques.
I can't believe I'm sitting here writing this but I need to get it off my chest and have no one to talk to. Tonight I slammed my cellphone into the counter and when I turned it over it was completely shattered across the glass faceplate. It isn't an expensive phone or anything like that (not that cost should justify breaking something in a fit), but the shattered faceplate scared the shit out of me. I looked it up and it would require 100 force lbs to break the glass so completely. I'm terrified that I have done something like this just because I was upset and feeling like I was losing control.I don't want to back up over the chain of events that led to this because it will sound like I'm trying to justify this wrongful behavior, and I cannot allow that. There are a lot of things in my life going on that I cannot control and getting angry and breaking something to feel control will not fly. I don't know if that's why I did this, or if I was just slammed it down out of carelessness, but I cannot accept it was completely indeliberate.I feel completely shit awful about the whole thing and am unsure about where to go from here. No one saw me do this, I'm the only person who knows (except now this sub and whoever reads it). I feel like a monster.
I really shouldn't have. It seems silly, but it happened.I was with my dad in a big parking lot, learning to drive a manual transmission car. Should have been good fun. But I kept messing up. Stalling the car. Making minor mistakes, etc.I was fine when we first got there. But as the day progressed, I slowly got more and more frustrated.When I got home, I got angry, and the I got really upset with myself. I sat in my closet and broke down and cried. Again, it seems silly, but I did. I get frustrated and angry so easily these days, whether it's from school, my job, my car constantly needing to be fixed because it's a money pit, etc.I just get frustrated and pissed off from lack of any progress.I will admit, I didn't get a lot of sleep last night, due to my sister having a bunch of friends over and being very noisy well into 1:00am. Maybe I just didn't get enough sleep. I had a good breakfast, though.I've been pretty mild tempered the last couple of years. I've had some tense moments. Last time I got truly angry was when one my managers pulled me aside and was lecturing me on something stupid that had happened. An opinion I had and apparently he didn't like it. I heard the blood pounding on my ears and my heart rate shot through the roof. I wanted to knock his lights out. But it passed and I moved on.Maybe it just snowballed and all the stuff that has made me mad the last few years and it finally just blew up. I don't know. Now I just feel exhausted. I dunno.
**TL;DR My mom's psychiatrist is convinced my mom had a major depressive episode but is not convinced my mom has major depressive disorder, contrary to the DSM. My mom is prescribed by her psychiatrist to take antidepressants twice a week. She used to take her antidepressants thrice a week and before that she used to take them daily. I am concerned my mom's treatment may be significantly different if her psychiatrist doesn't disagree with the DSM. Please tell me your thoughts.**&nbsp;---&nbsp;I wasn't concerned when I first heard that my mom's psychiatrist was convinced my mom had a major depressive episode but not major depressive disorder (my mom's previous psychiatrist had diagnosed her with major depressive disorder) because1. I didn't think one major depressive episode was enough to diagnose major depressive disorder. I thought a major depressive episode was like fever: You get it, you take medication (usually antidepressants), you taper and then you go on with life.2. my mom may have had hypomanic episodes (so in that case she's bipolar II instead of unipolar).&nbsp;**As for 1**, I found out "depression" (a major depressive episode) was not like fever or spraining your ankle where you usually don't have "fever disorder" or "ankle spraining disorder" after just one fever or one ankle sprain.I asked my psychiatrist about it who told me that one major depressive episode was enough to diagnose major depressive disorder. I read about depression further and realized how severe depression compared to dysphoria or sadness and so began to have some understanding as to why one major depressive episode was enough to diagnose major depressive disorder.&nbsp;I asked my mom to ask about the one episode thing. She did and then told me that **her psychiatrist doesn't agree that one major depressive episode was enough to diagnose major depressive disorder.**I asked my mom to ask about the implications of such, but she forgot to do it.My mom is weeks away from seeing her psychiatrist again so I've come to reddit.&nbsp;**What would you think of a doctor who disagrees with what seems to be a core definition in the DSM?** I mean, a doctor can't just say for example one manic episode isn't enough to diagnose bipolar I, right?
I apologize upfront, if I sound too egocentric or like a victim. I am semi-aware of this. I just feel hurt and wrong. Please try to disregard any attention seeking from my side. My main reason is to call for help, and to try to solve the situation. Not to stay the victim.Just today we had a fight, and I really do not want to be like this anymore.I trashed some stuff around the house, but did not hit her. I was verbally abusive.And no, I do not take this for granted. This is not good. I don't want to hurt her. I regret it every time afterwords. But I can not control it. I have a terrible anger management problem and it is usually in front of my mom.I would like to live as a productive, healthy man, and have a meaningful life. Not spending my time doing this.I've had some therapies with psychiatrists, but it was so very superficial. Here, public medical services are in total mess, as is this contry, and those doctors are equaly frustrated as their patiens. Still I took my chances with it. I have also took homeophatic treatment, and this lady said to me that I started controling my emotions too young and that it escalated now. And that I am very emotionaly immature.My mom is just ignorant and scared, and can not do anything. I feel neglected, as I felt my entire life. My mom was always distant and in her own problems. My father died 5 years ago, and that even more broken her. Now she recovered, but she enjoys her freedom, and doing things her own way.She was never sensitive to my pain, could never understand me. I never developed emotionaly, I had terrible role models, and I never learned how to treat authority and to control my anger. To deal with people and to connect. Yet, I tried living my life as a productive man, I tried to finish school, and to find a job. To get a girlfriend. I have very poor social skills, so I got in fight on my job, and left it willingly before I make more problems. I do not have a girlfriend, and I am very sexualy frustrated. It is just building up inside me.I have also tried with some martial arts, but for now it is really hard - my social anxiety is still making me problems. It seems that I have excuse for everything, but I really did try to go against that anxiety, and it just bounced back on me. I still do try despite it.So I ended up at the only place where I could stay - at home with my mom, where I try to educate myself, so that we do not fight anymore. But I feel that I am the only one who makes this effort, while my mom just keeps on with her life, making no changes. It really iritates me. Still, she is the only mom I have, and there is nothing noble in being abusive toward her.But I just can not control it. And I am having a hard time improving this.However, I am keeping a journal of this anger problems - it used to bhappen almost every day two years ago, and now is about few times a month. Still it's nasty whenever it happens, and I do not want it.I can not keep living like this - I will not find a girlfriend like this - who would want an abusive guy? And I feel no help from anyone is coming. Just want to get on my feet, make a living, balance my life. Get to live in my own place, have a nice girlfriend. It's a vicious cicle I am in now. I hope that there is someone here that might be able to tell me something about this problem - because, here where I really, nobody really tries to undersatnd it. They just judge and run away. I thank you for your undersatnding and support.
https://youtu.be/JGLhTDx_4lo
what i want is meaninglessan ideatransientmeaninglesslike mepowerless over everythingbut memy desire only hurts meattachments pull me aparti dont have to care about what i wanti dont have to care about what i wantwanting is the problemlife is problemsthere is no fixing anythinglike my desiresi am powerless to fix anythingwhat i want and what i care aboutcan be differenti care about some peoplebut i want those people to be happyi care about my successbut i want to change thingswhat a jokewhat a stupid, stupid bad jokeof course what i want isn't importantit isn't realit can't feed anyoneall it does it stop me, get in my way, and make me angrywhen i care about what i want and i get iti am happywhen i care about what i want and cant get iti am angrywhen i stop caring and let my wants be the stupid, fake, meaningless things they arei am nothingsince i am already nothingand since i am powerlessthis is rightthis is logically correctshut my eyes and open my eyes and it doesnt matter one bitno one has a desire that is realno one who cares about what they want can be happy unless they have what they wantmy only choice to stop this anger is to stop caring about what i want, to stop seeking happiness, to stop trying to change anything. sorry to everyone that depends on me
This is not something I'm proud of, but I often get angry as a sort of knee jerk reaction, sometimes so angry that I overreact and go in to rages. Underneath it all though, I know that the reason I am so angry is that I'm so incredibly ashamed of myself. I hate myself and often take it out on others, even if it's not a conscious choice. It's pathetic and just perpetuates the cycle of shame->rage->more shame. Anger makes me feel like even more of a despicable person deep down, even if it does give you a powerful, energising feeling that is somewhat more preferable to depression. I struggle immensely with emotional control, and it's ruined a lot of my relationships in my life. I try positive coping strategies, like meditation and CBT, but sometimes I cop out and choose to wallow, take pills, get drunk or whatever. I think addiction, rage and a lot of negative, destructive behaviour is rooted in extreme shame. Feeling that you are inherently a disgusting and worthless person is hard for the ego to manage, so it resorts to lashing out at people/itself. My emotional regulation is so bad that in therapy I was said to have 'significant borderline personality disorder traits' which is horrible imo. Borderline personality disorder is just an extremely negative diagnosis imo, and I really want to change. Nothing about it is positive, and the stigma associated with it is sometimes justified, given the high risk for violent, antisocial and self destructive behaviours of people with it. I read pretty shocking things about it online, like the extremely high rates of suicidal behaviour and substance abuse of people who have it. Annoyingly, I can see how it does fit me. But how can you change lifelong feelings of shame and worthlessness? When you feel like you deserve NOTHING but death, how can you change?
Anger has cost me my wife, no taking history back.  Remember that folks.
Hi all, I'm a 21 year old male and my daughter is 2 and a half years old. Never been a violent person so I'm unsure what came over me. I've been going through alot of shit recently but it's no excuse for what I did especially when it was in front of my little girl. I love her to bits and would never harm her I hate myself for exposing her to this. Here's what happened: went to drop off some toys my daughter had left at my place over the weekend to her mums place. I knocked on the door and her Mum told me to "fuck off or I'm calling the cops" we had a messy break up and she's been making it really difficult for me to be in my daughter's life ever since which is frustrating to say the least. I could hear my daughter saying "can you please let daddy in I want to see him" and her mum told her "no be doesn't deserve to see you" my daughter started crying and her mum just kept telling me to fuck off. She then told my daughter to shut up and I just snapped I remember I kept thinking "how dare she treat my little girl like that" and I started pounding on the door I could hear my daughter screaming but I was so overcome with rage I didn't care I kept pounding and kicking her door until it broke off the hinges and I saw my daughter standing there looking horrified. I instantly calmed down and got in my car and left. I feel so guilty now I've calmed down, my daughter must think I'm a monster I'm beginning to judge myself and question everything I think I am. I'm terrified that I've caused my daughter psychological trauma I feel so lost and confused. Seriously wtf is wrong with me. This is no way for a loving parent to act. What do I do? How can I make this right with my little girl?
I don't know if this is the right place for this or not but last night, I made dinner and my grandfather is a asshole of a drunk everyday all day. He drinks all the time. He told me I wasn't a good cook and for years I've been told by people that I am a good cook. I know I'm not the best but I can cook. I went to bed last night mad. All he ever does is hurt my feelings and he doesn't even care. 
I pay all the bills. I Do all the housework. My SO's version of childcare involved turning on the TV and passing out on the couch. I barely ever get to pursue my interests. And whenever I bring this up, I am "being mean."I am fucking angry. But it's far from irrational. How can I not be angry when I am responsible for every single damn household chore and bill? How can I not be angry when my SO doesn't take our kids to school and average of 3 times a month because she's feeling "under the weather?" How can I not be angry when I pour myself into other people's well-being and it's met with complaints that I don't do more.I am at the end of my rope. The only time I'm happy is when I'm drinking or hitting things (lifelong martial artist). I am so fucking angry I actually destroyed a heavy bag with kicks the other day. Seams burst.I'm scared of myself.
When I get angry, and it is fairly often, I explode. Things like jealousy, frustration, legitimate hurt and anger, as well as triggers from my childhood can set me off.I currently live in a small town without proper mental health practitioners. I was going to wait until I moved to the city in a couple months, but it is destroying my relationships and hurting the people I care about.I need help.When I was younger and had self esteem issues, I took out self help books on the subject from the library. Does anyone have a suggestion for books/websites/online "anonymous" groups or sites that let you speak to a therapist?Anything, really, to start the process.
To make this story relatively short and skip some details I'd rather not think about here's the short version.A former friend of mine and I got into a heated verbal fight and things sort of escalated. It boils down to me needing emergency care due to my anxiety went into overload and fried my brain into suicidal thoughts. Nothing I saw was anything but a way for me to die so I locked myself to a couch refusing to move, got a hold of my SO and who got to me whilst contact my parents who drove me to the ER. Fast forward a few weeks later and I had managed to calm my nerves, collect my thoughts. I got out from hospital the day after btw.So I set out to talk to this person in a safe environment for both of us. We give our apologies, but I can't feel that my former friend meant it. Fast forward a few years and I sit on a set of stairs outside during new years eve smoking a cigar. A friend comes up to me and asks if I have seen my former friend during the evening. I reply that I met the individual briefly when I first arrived but not since I drove some other friends to get pizza. My friend who came to me asking tells me that the individual had shortly after I showed up gone home in a waterfall of tears. So for some reason people had thought I punched this person due to my history with said person. My reactions are more of what the fuck / mind-blown rather than anger and I have to explain a lot to a lot of people who ends up believing me since there are multiple eyewitness that saw me do nothing to the person. Why do I say this? Turns out that this is what the person tells people...That's the part I get upset about, the person has been actively slandering me and lying that I punched the person. So Fast forward to this years April. I speak to the person, explaining a lot of things and gets some things clear. We part ways with me telling the person to never speak to me again and treat me as nothing but air and I will do the same. Sounds reasonable yes?APPARENTLY FUCKING NOT! Because during mid June I HEAR ANOTHER RUMOR ABOUT ME that I had threatened the person during our talk, which was in close vicinity of mutual friends. So currently I get insta-raging the second I hear the persons name, see ANYTHING that reminds me of the person or anything that has to do with the person.I can't hold my rage in for a single fucking second and I've had to take several breaks so I can calm down while writing this.I don't really seek help just wanting to vent myself. However I feel that SOMETHING will happen if this keeps up. I plan to make another talk session with the person, this time with someone we both know along. I don't WANT to hurt the person, I don't want to be the persons friend. I don't care about the person but this is a problem if I need to explain to everyone that I'm not going to murder the bastard the next time I see the individual. Because some people actually think I will so I need to clarify that's not the case....Also please tell me if ANYONE has a similar scenario? Because I'm going mad at this rate.
We've had our issues over the years we've been together, but nothing we haven't been able to sorta deal with.A little under two weeks ago I was violently raped by strangers.I hate EVERYTHING and EVERYONE.  I hate my husband.  I hate my son.  I hate my inlaws.  I hate every single thing in the universe I feel.We set up marriage counseling for unrelated things awhile ago, and it's tomorrow afternoon.  We talked about what we wanted to talk about this evening, and though it started out ok, it ended with my husband angrily going to sleep alone.I don't know how to deal with my anger about my rape separate from my anger about how my husband doesn't listen to me, or seem to respect my opinion. I'm so confused and alone and angry about so many things and I just don't know what to do.I want to destroy something, drink myself into a stupor, scream, something!  But all I can do is seethe here by myself because as much as I want to fight, I don't want to fight with my husband.
I joined in the Canadian Army in 2008 when it was still a war time military. I joined full time, picked a combat unit, and wound up spending that 6 years digging trenches in the cold. Lived in extremely confined conditions after all my training -- our officer incorrectly submitted some paperwork which kept us sleeping on the floor in rooms that belonged to others due to overcrowding. It wasn't the lack of space - it was the fighting, the spitting, having my my possessions constantly dumped out and fucked with by people I was supposed to be fighting alongside. I had no locker so I kept everything under my sleeping mag which was constantly kicked around with wet boots. All we wanted to do was deploy to Afghanistan. Let me do my tour, finish my 3 years, and get back to civilian life. I wound up staying for 6 with no deployments. Now I consider my army service a mark of shame. "So did you deploy anywhere?" Is the first question I'm always asked. Sometimes I lie and say I failed a drug test. The truth is my entire squadron didn't deploy except for a couple guys who brown nosed their way on to other deployments. I have a seething anger over all this. I tried to join a volunteer group fighting with the Kurds and they turned me away because I never deployed with military. I lose sleep over this and I feel like I can never carry on with my life because of this mark of shame on my back. How the fuck can someone volunteer for the hardest jobs for 6 years and never fucking get deployed? What a joke. Some guys managed to land in the right units and go overseas. Now it feels like I have his hero complex I can't shake off. When I meet reservists -- FUCKING RESERVISTS -- these over-promoted fucking child cunt soldiers that have deployed, and there's alcohol involved, I'll attack them for "stealing my tour. " I don't like to live this way. 
Hi,The title should say given* a 5150I have been in many bar fights before in the past, from new york to Los anges, etc. i have also been arrested before. But this time something different happened, where I was forced to go to tre hospital and then forcibly locked in a psych ward. I know I have anger issues but I really need help to make sure nothing like this ever happens to me again.I was in San Jose CA on friday night, barhopping by myself. I met two girls and a Guy and they brought me to a couple other bars i have never been to before. When we were leaving the bar, there was a big fight outside with about 10 people, including the two girls who were with us but exited the bar about 10 feet in front of me, so they were outside first. I got into the fight and ended up being punched in the eye and also I believe I was punched in the jaw and knocked out. I woke up shortly after, and I was surrounded by about 15 police officers. Apparently 2 people also got stabbed in the fight. They kept demanding that I get into an ambulance, and I tried to explain to them that I dont have health insurance, and I don't want to pay for the ambulance and I would just like to leave. I was telling them I wasn't drunk, and they could breathaluze me if they liked (but I was drunk). They kept asking me if I knew where I was and I was like "yes In San Jose" and they were like "do you know which bar" and I said I have no idea because I really didn't know what bar it was.They kept trying to force me to take an ambulance, and force me to put on a neck brace, and I kept rufuising and I was getting really frustrated and talking back to them, and I think at one point I was just like "Listen if you're going to arrest me, just do it!" So they ended up grabbing me, putting on the neckbrace, forcing me onto a stretcher, and then handcuffing me to the stretcher and putting me in the ambulance. The whole time I was pretty sure I was yelling at them and shouting "this is what Obama's america looks like people!!"Once I got in to the hospital, they forced me to get a saline drip IV which I also refused. Then they told me I had to have a CT scan, and I was like "Listen NO I told you a hundred times I don't want to be here I don't have health insurance and I don't want a CT scan!" So then the doctor told the nurses to give me pain killers! I was freaking out and yelling at them and I talked some common sense into them because they decided not to give me sedatives, as long as I complied with the CT scan.So, after all this is done, they dress me up in medical clothing, and put me in a wheelchair, and take me to the psychiatry ward area of the hospital. I was forced to stay here for about 10 hours, until somehow miraculously, I got my nurse to put me in front of one of the doctors, where he quickly released me and I got a taxi home.The psych ward was one of the most awful experiences I have ever had to go through. Upon seeing the nurse, she told me I would be stuck there at least 24 hours. I have a lot of work to do, multiple jobs on the line, and this could have led to disaterous proportions for me if I was locked in there any longer, not to mention if it was a M-F. Clearly I was not supposed to be there in the first place, and all the nurses agreed after talking to me for 30 seconds. I feel like the police gave me a 5150 in retaliation for not complying with their orders, and for talking back to them.I don't know what the bills are going to cost, but after the Ambulance, CT scan, hospital, and pysch ward, I feel like they are going to try to charge me thousands and thousands of dollars. I would like to get some legal recource against the police or the hospital but I really don't think there is anything I can do.I am mad at myself for jumping into this fight, and for ending up in the psych ward. I hope this never happens to me again in my life. It really makes me feel angry and afraid of living in America, where I feel like I just keep getting in trouble.
 recently went off on my boss and tomorrow I go back to work.  I want to confront her and apologize but I am dreading it. I recently get these surges of anger that I can't control. I haven't gotten physical yet but I am afraid I will one day. I'm not on meds, I've never done any drugs, nor do I drink but I recently went to a neurologist for vertigo(and other symptoms) and he mentioned brain tumor or ms. I'm wondering if I do have it if those symptoms are normal. I won't know until I get the mri done.Anyway, my boss is passive aggressive, lazy, irresponsible, a hypochondriac, always late, and holds a grudge for eveeerryything. Even though I feel this way about her, she doesn't deserve me being an ass to her so I want to apologize. I know she will come in tomorrow and say something like, "if you're not mad at me today" or if someone is around "she's not being fun anymore and hates me now." Stuff like that triggers my anger and I'm scared it's going to happen again. Anyone have any advice how to confront her and apologize? Or even any advice for ignoring the triggers? 
I'm not generally an angry person, but it's been brought to my attention that I have a really bad habit of snapping angrily at my fiance over little frustrations and its becoming a serious problem in our relationship.I've read all the tips and tricks about counting to 10 or snapping a rubber band or meditating, but the issue is that I'm not aware I'm doing it. I snap and then go back to normal, or I say something in a mean tone of voice, but I don't hear it when I do it. Even after, I'm basically just taking her word that I am doing it. How can I stop this behavior when I can't identify it or see it coming?
By applying honesty, awareness and responsibility to all facets of life, you self anger should dissipate. I just read this and began to apply it today. So far it has worked for me. You can [read more about it here](http://spiritlibrary.com/neale-donald-walsch/awareness-honesty-responsibility). Try not to get turned off by the religiousness of the article. It's great advice.I hope this helps someone.
So here goes nothing. I just keep getting more and more angrier with each passing day and I can't control it. Gah. It seriously feels like my head is going to explode. I keep denying myself the basic elements and needs of fucking basic happiness...? Why why the fuck am I doing this to myself.. Help me. Please
Is anyone else getting emails about a "device" for anger.  Seems shady, any insight?Edit: Seems like spam, that makes me angry
I feel like other people (my family) around me are really angry people and im quite a mellow person, it takes alot for me to get angry and even when i am angry i dont yell at other people i just keep it inside. is this a normal thing?
So, I'm 16 years old and for the last 3 years I have this strange anger problem. I'm always calm and very nice to everyone, but every time I get angry, I become a completely different person. It may sound a bit far fetched, but hey here it goes. It began as I said 3 years ago, when a kid at my school was bothering me a bit (not like bullying me, but saying stupid things and annoying everyone in the entire class). After a while, it started getting out of hand, to the point that I would become really angry with him (thinking of ways to make him shut up, by punching him or something else), but I didn't want to show it. I didn't want all of my friends and the other kids to see me being so angry. And then everything went to hell. Now everytime someone irritates me, talks sh*t to me or to someone I love and care about, I have this sudden rage inside me and at the exact same moment, I have this feel inside me, a very nice sensation. I can't really describe it, but it's like I can feel the blood in my veins get hotter and hotter, and I start inhaling and exhaling faster and faster. And then, I have the urge to beat the sh*t out of that person. But I always find a way to stop myself from doing stupid things, like thinking that I'm better than this and that it isn't worth it. The thing is, that as it is getting worse, I'm afraid that I will snap, I won't be able to stop my self, and that I will do something very stupid that I didn't really wanted to do. Any suggestions will be appreciated.P.S: Sorry for my bad English
I've always known that I tend to get unhinged and overly upset at situations. I get very upset over nothing at all and usually after blowing up, I stay mad for a long long time despite the situations getting fixed. Here's some examples 1. I went shopping with my sister and nothing looked right and we had to leave the house soon. I threw a fit. I was throwing things and speaking badly about myself. I mentioned I was hangry and my sister brought yogurt for us to eat and I looked at her like "wtf is wrong with you, how's this supposed to help". She was telling me to go downstairs to get ready in an air conditioned area instead of my room which was hot as fuck. Again I got all upset asking wtf is the point. Whatever help she was attempting, I was shitting on. When she spoke to me about it later, she said I made her feel like a slave to my anger. 2. If I set a time to meet up to go home (I live far and if I miss a train the next one is in an hour) and the person can't meet me or runs late and I have to wait, I just can't even deal with their apology. They can apologize 50x and l still feel like they did it knowing how upset I would be and didn't care. 3. SO has brought up many times that when I mess up and apologize, he forgives me. When he messes up, it takes me nearly a week to get back to normal where I'm not spitting out my words and berating. My sister said the same thing - if we have an argument, I don't reach out to work it out and it makes her feel like our relationship isn't important. I know I would feel extremely hurt if it was me in her situation. It's like I'm totally blinded and so fixated on my rage and sit around marinating and feeding off my anger. 4. Another time, my sister expressed a frustration she was having with my dad. It was their own issue to fix and she had been communicating with him via text. When she told me about it, I took it upon myself and made it all about how upset that made me. This led me to text him about her situation, where I called him an alcoholic who only knows how to make situations worse, that he needs to stop ruining everyones life. When I got home and saw him sober, I fucking cried and apologized. I'm such an asshole. I basically feel an intense sense of betrayal when I'm told something will happen or given an expectation and it's not met. A grouchy coworker told my subordinate that I use them to get more hours at work. Now, she and I both know it's untrue because she tends to need coverage and I'm the only one who can cover, so it can seem as though I'm making more hours because I am. She was actually afraid to tell me because she figured I'd go nuts and I did. Even my mother is sometimes afraid to approach me. I think a lot of it stems from being molested for years by someone who lived with us. I think it was from age 11-14, I was in 4th grade -  6th or 7th grade. He would grope me and rub himself (clothes on) against my leg, he would even kiss my cheeks with his tongue. Typing this part out is making me sick to my stomach. I was too afraid to tell anyone about this because I thought it was my fault, that I would get in trouble or I wouldn't be believed. Once my mother stepped out of her room in the middle of him groping me in the kitchen and he ran off to his room (across from the kitchen). My mother sensed something was up and frantically asked me what was happening and I just denied it out of fright. Now I'm especially disgusted with myself because he must have thought I was enjoying it. He was asked to leave when my grandfather was getting chemo and caught him watching porn on our tv. Before him, we lived in the basement of a house and the guy who owned it would come downstairs knowing I was home alone with my baby sister. This was in 4th grade, so it was before the other guy. He would come down and see me vacuuming or cleaning and offer to help.. Which he did by standing behind me and groping my breasts. He had a wife and newborn right upstairs. I do feel as though I've gotten over what's happened to me because I don't want it to be an excuse for my behavior. I'm on lamotrigine 100mg 2x a day, not for bipolar but for seizures. I had worse anger issues with Keppra which is why I was switched to this. I'm not sure if my dosage is the issue. I'm going to speak to my neuro and see what he says. TLDR: I have issues with anger that makes me an unforgiving, berating and hateful person. I'm on lamotrigine for seizures and I'm unsure if my dosage is having an effect on my mood imbalance or from years of molestation. I can't really afford therapy and have a schedule that makes it hard to incorporate. 
It's started when I was young, but by the time I was 16 my anger had worsened, so badly my life was out of control. I met a friend who introduced  me to drugs, and I was hooked immediately. My anger has resulted in losing jobs, friends, family, and a decent life, if I'm not depressed  I'm angry, I never feel happy and at nearly 30 I haven't figured out how to handle my life. Things from the past still bother me, and I have terrible coping strategies for my anger it's drugs and alcohol  or I'm gritting the life out of my teeth, and they have chipped, professional help doesn't help they won't prescribe me anything worth a damn.
'm a 23 year old female, and I need a answer because this is getting on my fucking nerves. I have a 25 year old friend who is pregnant and is delivering in about 2 weeks. She was trying to get pregnant since we were teenagers. Now she is FINALLY pregnant and now she wishes it never happened. I'm sick of hearing the bullshit. I do mostly everything for her because no one else cares... apparently. She always is flipping out on me. I fucking hate her for getting pregnant. I stopped answering her calls. I'm not even going when the baby comes. Fuck her and her child. I don't even deserve the shit she gives me all of the time. I don't fucking care about her OR her unborn baby. She totally messed up with me. I think the hate is more towards her unborn baby than her personally. Am I wrong for feeling this way? Do I sound jealous? Can someone please help me? I feel like I'm going to fucking lose my mind.. Thank you so much for reading and answering! - hiyeapple
Hey everyone. I came here to vent a little frustration. I've never typically been an angry person. In fact, most of my life has been scarred more by sadness. This sadness caused me to seek acceptance in unhealthy ways - namely trusting too quickly and too often. I've been burned many times as a result. I always wrote it off and gave whichever individual that was using me the benefit of the doubt. I was weak. It wasn't until recently that my life seemed to come together. I made the decision to stand up for myself and it has done my sanity wonders. I feel like an entirely new human. It's really great. Unfortunately though, with this change comes my ability to see right through the bullshit, and it's everywhere. People I thought loved and respected me are users. Not everyone, mind you, but some significant figures in my life. I'm so overcome and overwhelmed with the immorality of it that I could snap. I won't say too much but it's infuriating. I want to tear walls down. I've done so much for people and they've come to expect it and have no qualms about trying to get more from me. Anyway I'm cutting these people off. They hold nothing over me anymore. I'm the better person here but I can only hope that some day they feel the same pain they've caused me.
Since /r/asktransgender only helps passable transgendered people I'm going to vent here.FUCK BEING TRANSGENDER. This shit has consumed my life. I've been angry at myself everyday ever since I realized I'm transgender. I've been hitting my wall repeatedly to the point where I had to go to the ER because I fucked up my hand so badly. The trans community is GARBAGE unless you're a passable, white person. They NEVER want to help you. God I'm so fucking angry I want to kill someone. I'll never pass and I'm so fucking angry. I'll never be a real woman so I have to settle with being a man. Fuck. I'm so angry my head won't stop shaking and my teeth won't stop clenching. Nobody wants to help me try to stay being a male. Everyone online keeps telling me to transition when it's all a lie. They lie to you telling you that you can pass eventually. It's a fucking lie. They just want toy increase their numbers so the ones who pass can be accepted into society through forced representation. I'm being fucking used by my own community and I FUCKING HATE IT.FUCK BEING TRANSGENDER.
I'm not quite sure why, but when we have dinner (Myself, SO, three kids), I find myself getting very easily frustrated with my children.   They eat & act like children.   I understand this.  I'm about as laid back as they come, but for some reason this one thing is a trigger & I don't want it to be.   I would like to be able to enjoy dinner, let the small stuff brush off my shoulders & have a nice family time.  All other times of the day are good to go.  Kids do what kids do.  Sometimes bad, mostly fantastic.  This one thing is *eating* at me & I'm curious if any of you experience similar situations & how you let go.Edit:  missing word, grammar
I just moved to nyc trying to start a new life, but I've been dealing with these streaks of extreme anger.  I'm calm and level headed most of the time, but I wasn't feeling well tonight, and I've been dealing with some stomach and related health issues that have me worried.      Anyway, I had already dealt with some rude people from earlier, and just listening to the shallowness of some people here just makes me sad.  So I am crossing the street with a walk sign, and some car thinks he has the right of way, rolls up on me like he's going to run me over, and then blares his horn in my ear.    I just snapped.  I kicked his driver's door window in (I didn't expect to smash it, but I guess the adrenaline was helping me) and told him to get out of the car (dude was bigger than I am, so I figured this was about to turn into a big ordeal.  Anyway, he screams out "fuck you!" and peels out/drives away.    I felt like a complete idiot, and people looked at me like I was out of my mind.  I got lucky that nothing came of it.     But fuck, I know better than this.  I don't know why I did this.  I'm so ashamed right now.  I am really disappointed in myself.    I know logically how stupid this is, but for some reason my mood got the best of me.    I am worried about my future.  I have an extreme fear or humiliation/embarrassment that I acquired from having narcissistic/abusive parents, and I don't think I've gotten past it.  I also deal with detachment and self worth issues.  I wish I was as emotionally healthy as most people.  I feel like my life span is shortened tremendously because of the stress I carry with me.  I tend to do things sometimes just because I don't care.  I guess I am pretty much suicidal about 50% of the time, but I don't really want to kill myself, I just don't care if I die most of the time, but I wouldn't actively, knowingly do it.  It would most likely come from some impulsive type action like tonight, just kicking in some dude's windshield without even thinking.  I have gotten in fights before from the same type of reaction, just not caring what happens.  (but I never go looking for fights, I just hate people who think they can fuck with other people.  because I never fuck with people, and it enrages me to no end when I see people who think they can take advantage of others)
Let me preface this by saying my mom has just had eye surgery.This morning she volunteered to buy ice cream for my sister beause my sister wanted to bring something back for her coworker.  Originally my sister was going to buy it herself but I guess my mom wanted to make things easier for her.Anyway, my mom tells me to go buy it for her an hour before the store closes.  I say no.  My reason is my mom volunteered for a task she knew she could not do herself because of her surgery.  Then she 'forgot' to tell anyone about it until the store was about to close and essentially needed someone to cover her ass.I don't know if I believe she really forgot since she was the one to have the idea.
I am angry that I am a push over. I really regret letting that guy talk to me the way he did  last week instead of me at least saying something back.I have asked my mtg buddy that if I punched somebody I wouldn't actually go to jail. Contradicting what I was told on this subreddit.I have been punching myself in the face to see if it hurt. The last thing I want is for someone I want to hurt NOT get hurt. If it hurt me than that's a good indicator that it will hurt the person I want to hurt.If this keeps up I am going to hurt someone.
So I'm angry at my parents. I don't know if it's correct anger or not (that's why I'm here) but I just need to A) Get this anger off my chest and B) Know if this is correct anger or not.So basically I like solving twisty puzzles (ex. Rubik's Cube). I have all different types (3x3,4x4,2x2,7x7, etc.) and I also have puzzles such as the Megaminx and the Pyraminx. Anyways, enough with that. My dad sort of is annoyed by my hobby because it's loud (with all the clicking and stuff) but he tolerates it to an extent (and mind you I've been doing this cubing stuff for a while now, it's not like it's something I picked up last week). So today I was on Amazon looking at some puzzles, and then I saw it; the MoYu 13x13. I've seen some videos on it by cubing YouTubers and thought it was quite interesting. In the back of my mind I had always wanted it, but when I saw the reasonable price and it being Prime on Amazon is really when I began wanting it. So, as I was looking at the product features, the reviews, and all that, my dad barges into my room. "What are you doing?" he asks. I tell him I'm looking at this really cool puzzle. Basically how it ended was I'm not gonna spend money on another Rubik's Cube. So he's not allowing me to get it. And my mom also is on board with him with me not getting it (although she didn't seem as firm as he was, she still seemed definitely on board). Now, normally I would've been fine with it, but there are some factors that made me really pissed off about it. 1. I told you I'd pay for it with MY OWN HARD EARNED MONEY. Not yours. My own cash, I would use on this thing that nobody but me wants. If I was asking for YOU to buy it with YOUR own money, and you said no, understandable. But MINE? Yeah. Plus it's not like I'm broke. I have about $150 cash right now. I would work and get some more money to afford the damn product. And the other upsetting and frustrating thing is, it's not like my parents are cheap. They spend THOUSANDS of dollars on my sister's studio dancing. Not joking. They blow money on performances, traveling fees, costumes, all the shit that goes into my sister's dancing. THOUSANDS. THOUSANDS. And I want a $250 cube that is AWESOME and you say no. And the money that goes towards her dance isn't even hers! It's theirs! She doesn't do jack shit to support the fees! She just dances and let's my parents pay the thousands. And also, dad, it's not another "Rubik's Cube" it's a MOYU 13x13 CUBE. So yeah. It pissed me off. 1. It's my own damn money and 2. You spend thousands of YOUR money on my sister's dancing career every god damn year. And all I want is a one-time pay (with my money) towards a $250 cube. And one final thing; yes the cube is worth every penny. Many people don't understand, but to people who love solving puzzles like me, the MoYu 13x13 is a treasure to us. It's not a worthless and expensive purchase. It means something.Am I right to be pissed or am I being unreasonable?Thanks
I've only just come across this corner of Reddit.I had a high level of anger in me for for decades. I'm middle aged. Using various meditation techniques I've got the anger down tremendously in the last year or so. Perhaps by about two thirds. The main thing I do is I observe my emotional reaction when things don't go how I'd like. This can include very trivial things. It's got to the point where when I feel some anger boiling up, I no longer secretly like the feeling, whereas before I felt powerful. Now I know anger is unhappiness and I don't like it. If you observe the anger, you gradually become separate from it. One reason I know I'm much less angry is that on occasion I've not remembered to observe my anger (I've been "unconscious"), and as a result it has fully let rip, except the force that erupted is clearly way down on what it used to be.The more I get the anger down, the more I realise that previously, when I was interacting with people, I was acting, I was covering up my anger which was there to some extent all the time. I used to use old punk records to vent my anger but that doesn't really get rid of anger except temporarily. It just dampens it for a while. Now when I put on a punk record I sometimes feel a bit silly because I can't just call up the anger like I used to. 
Life has been interesting for me over the last couple of years. For the majority of my life, I believed I was bipolar. I never quite felt right with that diagnosis, but it seemed to be better than nothing. Long story short, a great many things have been revealed and it appears that, while I am undeniable unstable AF, what I'm actually battling are a couple of personality disorders. Essentially, I never learned to adult. It was easy to blame being a failure on being Bipolar, because hey, that's organic. Disorders, though, they require some effort to fix. Lots of unlearning. I think I'm finally ready. Ready to let go of my false feeling of entitlement, ready to start taking responsibility for my own actions (or lack thereof), ready to stop being a victim and assigning warrantless blame, and FINALLY, REALLY ready to put in some god damned effort for once. Enter my last (and current) attempt at therapy. I got referred into a program and my last appointment was supposed to be a week ago. About an hour and a half before the appointment, it was cancelled due to a death in the counselor's family. Well. Fuck.I'll admit, I'm desperate to get this shit under control. I immediately got pissed off that another person was letting me down. After taking some time to rationalize, I came to the conclusion that shit happens. I was going to live, and I could wait another week. It's not like it was going to happen again.She cancelled on me today. There was another death in the family. I guess it was her uncle this time, and someone on her husband's side last week. I couldn't decide if I wanted to throw up, cry, or punch something. All of them, I suppose. What are the fucking chances? I called back. They wanted me to come in and do some intake with another person. I told them I wasn't comfortable with that, because that would basically have me doing two intakes: the first one, then the second one when the original counselor asks me to clarify all the first intake notes.I reluctantly agree to meet up with the counselor on Wednesday.Now, here's the thing. People die. I get it. Coincidences happen. I get it. SO WHY THE FUCK AM I SO MAD? I suspect it has to do with abandonment and trust issues. But, even knowing that this anger is in no way serving me and is likely rooted in unrelated events, why can't I let it go?  How do I let it go? I fear that my anger will cause me to not trust this individual in the future, even if she might be able to help me. I also know that I've often let people walk all over me, and I'm not certain in any of my anger is justified. I mean, the second guy died last Friday, the day they confirmed today's appointment. Shouldn't they have let me know sooner, or is that me being irrational? UUUUUUUUUUUGGGGGGGGGGGHHHHHHHHHHHHHH.Typing this out helped, but I'm still pretty angry.TL;DR: Counselor's family is dropping like flies, apparently I don't think their deaths are more important than my appointments. >.> Oh wtf... the tl;dr gave me a bit more perspective. This is weird. I came here to vent, maybe get some suggestions, and tl;dr knocked some sense into me. I think I'll leave this here. Maybe it will trigger something in someone else. 
I honestly feel like fucking destroying everything. The shit that my fucking school forces me to do is giving me anger issues. How am I supposed to fix this?
I have severe explicit memory loss. I'm at the point where it's like having Mild Cognitive Impairment.I can't function on a day to day basis. Yet my family berates me for not keeping a stiff upper lip. To them, mental illness is taboo.I can't function in society, yet they force me to.I fucking hate every single one of them. Fucking schadenfreude.Update: Doctors said theres nothing that can be done. I'll just have to live with it like a chronic illness.
I experience a great deal of physical stimulation when angered:  increased heart rate, minor shaking/quaking of the limbs, increased blood pressure/throbbing sensations near veins, and feelings of physical elation like my muscles are more able to act or less restricted.  Mentally, I feel 'quickened', as if I'm more lucid and more able to access my own thoughts or process them when angry.  Anger comes quickly to me, but not always when I expect it, and sometimes, small things trigger big sensations.    I don't attack people physically or hurt them, but I find the sensation of being angry, the experience of all of these stimulae, to be very pleasurable - and I've found myself intentionally prolonging the anger, or focusing on it in order to extend those sensations.    I don't seem to see this behavior in other people, and when I found this subreddit while randoming around, I thought it might be a good place to ask.    
Recently my sister and I have gotten into meany arguments and when she gets annoyed or anything she actually attacks me physically by kicking me on the balls or some were else and My parents protect her. I just scream at her or say anything to her and they are all over me treating me like if I was a pice of shit. Now I'm on vacation with them so I can't do mostly witch is to just to get away of them. They won't hear me because she is perfect and anger management issues don't exist and I am just an attention whore. What can I do???  
What do I do when nothing helps? I am angry almost 24/7.I have tried the following:Audio-therapyMedicationNormal TherapyExerciseMeditation"changing my attitude (idk how that works)Removing myself from situations which make me angry (aka everything).Good dietAnd more that I can't think of. What can I do? This is very unpleasant and really degrades my life and the lives of those around me.
Pre-anger day: This morning I woke up much earlier than a college student at home for the summer should, not on purpose, just one of those things where you wake up super early and can't get back to sleep right away. I went for a short jog, ate, and then tried to listen to rain sounds to get back to sleep. My mom tried convincing me to talk to a therapist about some non-anger "issues" I had been experiencing recently regarding my sexuality. (Relevant background 1: I cope with anger and anxiety, and she only vaguely realizes either). I fell asleep again, woke up, and fell asleep one last time to wake up for good at around 10 am. Tension building: I tried to wake up with a meditation. (Relevant background 2: I try using meditation and mindfulness to gain better control over my challenges. It has curtailed them for the most part, and I've been much more able to control my emotions. But some days, my mind just feels like a fog.) However, my meditation was fruitless, as my mind was a fog today. I began to think about people I resented and have imaginary arguments in my head. These people I hold resentments to, I haven't talked to in over a year. Then I thought about my roommate next semester, who is also supposed to be my "best friend", whom I could maybe live with never talking to again because he was a dick to me a lot of times. To be fair, he has issues with depression, but that still doesn't stop me from feeling angry at times. I started biting my nails--a vicious habit that I've had intermittent success in quitting. It was triggered by stress, and one of my cuticles on my right index finger was loose. I look for the cuticle clippers and thought about how I could rip off this cuticle. I couldn't find them. I felt nervous and dirty. I took a shower. I still can't find the clippers but I feel better. My mom is telling me we have to go. We were going to the beach to relax and I planned on sleeping over at my sisters. Boiling over: I'm driving the car, and my mother is giving me on-the-go driving instructions because I only have my permit. I'm mostly not getting too heated, but she is pointing out every little mistake and getting anxious over things that I don't think will hurt us. (Relevant background 3: My mother makes me so angry sometimes because we are so alike. I think this is because I blame my negative qualities on growing up with her.) She bites her nails and picks at her cuticles compulsively. The sound, the clicking, of her picking at her cuticles drives me crazy especially because it makes me think of how I want badly, anxiously to pick at mine. Fast forward to after the beach on the way to my sisters. The beach was not relaxing. And I'm sitting in the car, making a list of the people who've angered me or the people I think are capable of it. I think shortly about descending into the life of a sociopath and getting terrible revenge on all of them. Then I realized I have empathy and am not smart enough to get away with crimes that I wanted to commit for revenge. I think about descending into drug addiction. Then about hoping all of the people around me will disappear and be replaced with new people so I can have a fresh start. I read this trending reddit post and I hoped there was some possibility I could travel far into the future and start a new life, really I did. --> <https://www.reddit.com/r/explainlikeimfive/comments/4sie3d/eli5_the_theory_that_black_holes_can_be_used_for/>We are in my sister's apartment. I'm biting my nails intensely. My mother is next to me biting her nails intensely. I want to scream at her to stop, and I almost have the urge to punch her. I'm resisting. My mom and sister can tell that I'm upset. They keep asking why. Am I supposed to explain what's going on in my mind? Absolutely not, because I am not angry for any real reason and telling them what's on my mind would somehow make it a real. I try breathing and telling myself it has no purpose. I'm so out of it. I've already plotted some sort of revenge against five different people I dislike today. We are at a restaurant now. None of us are talking. I remind myself that every moment is new and that the anger may pass. Just because I had a bad last 6 hours, doesn't mean I have to have a bad day. At some point, I was able to let it go. Fresh relief washed over me. I was talking with my mother and sister. I was there again, rooted, laughing with them, and I was there for the rest of the night. Even on the drive home when my mom was biting her nails, I managed to not let it get to me fully. (Relevant information 4: I decided not to sleepover at my sisters.) The point is, I got through the day, and it ended better than it started. Every moment is a new start. Angry feelings will pass and you may laugh at them later. I believe my issues with anger stem from thinking that somehow being angry will help me control the situation, but anger is antithetical to control. Realizing it will pass helps. Hope this helps someone else. 
Well recently-ish, whenever me and some of my friends (I am a teen dude by the way) would hangout and just normal stupid things like losing in a video games or just people being cocky I end up getting pissed. I have been leaving early when we hangout just so I don't blow up. Though when I leave I guess it is more of me storming out of there and back home. Then I turn hostile if they try to contact me later that day.My parents are divorced and my father would beat me and i've grown up with his normal hatred of having me around. I've done therapy, meditation, religious studies, getting in touch with mother, moving out. But I don't know how to control this anger of mine and it makes me guilty and just over all sad knowing i'm like this to people i care about.
Situation:> In car with A e B.> See situation involving C while driving and patience reserves deplete quickly.> Can hardly focus on anything else.> Stop car to take a picture of a helicopter landed to pick up someone.> Get back to car.> A says angrily why I didn't ask about what was happening.> B says what I'm doing is macabre since I've taken picture of an ambulance or a fire trucker before.> That's not true, I just like to take pictures of unconventional vehicles, pavers as well.> Snap out.I've been meditating like one hour and more every day lately so I have tons of patience when I'm with myself doing rational stuff. I eat well and do lots of exercise as well. **Any easy tip?** Like counting to ten. I still have to try that.
I get angry a lot, sometimes over small things, a lot over things where I'm trying to help and get frustrated when someone else makes that difficult.I find myself once or twice a week like this, and I have to take 5 to walk it off.  This is causing me stress and home and moreso at work.  I just need to know: is this a healthy, good way to deal with my anger, or is it just a temporary fix?  Shuold I seek help or should I continue to do things that work for me to cope?
Well, its been a couple of weeks since my wife and I got into a fight.  Bad part was is it wasn't the worst one, but it was definitely the straw.  It's been back and forth on talking steps forward and then back since then.  It has been hard.  Why post this? I just want to get out what anger has costs me.  This is a person I love more than anything, yet I still got so pissed off for no good reason and said some hurtful things.  Those things aren't just hurtful, but abuse.  I did not mean for it to be, but it was.  It is something I do not want to admit, but it is true.  Not sure how to fix that OR if you can.  Best and worst part is seeing pretty clear that my issues are with me, not her.  The other cost has been her health.  I can see it, she isn't the same person I married, but that's on me.  I put up so many walls and backed her into so many corners, I created and fed my own anger. And for what? Nothing.  I have no more or less power, I am no happier or even less angry.  It was hard to look in the mirror, but I did.  Also, this alone does not make me a bad person, but it makes me a person with problems.  TL:DR: Talk to your SO, be open and be honest.  It's not the big fight that usually ends it.Note: This is going to sound sappy, but I have formed the opinion that the modern man is not very well equipped for intense relationships.  I wish there was a group that dealt with excepting that, but not looking to blame anyone.  Just a place for support for men to talk about this stuff.  No offense, but I did not expect r/anger to be my safe place.Edit: After reading r/relationship and r/relationshipadvice for a while, they are not safe places to express these feelings for angry men wanting to change.  
what is this? it has only been going on for a few months 
I posted this last night, however instead of editing it i accidentally deleted it (talk about angry).. So here it is againFor my Psychology class i decided to look into different methods that people use to help deal with their anger/frustration. So i make a short questionnaire which asks you about that [Here it is for those that want to do it](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1XUIAcNFw1du3hE0PW2kh8wiQdDGjQWYIc6on6EVJI7U/viewform?c=0&w=1)No longer requires sign in
So today I lost my job. I was a week a way from passing my probation and it was quite clear that my company let me go and we're just desperately searching for a reason to do so and came up wth a truly bullshit excuse. Financially I'm in a lot of trouble now. But I'm just so angry. I was sad at first, but I now realise I did NOTHING wrong. I just want to grab my old boss and beat his face in. I can't stop thinking about it. I just keep playing the meeting over and over in my head. I was too in shock at the time to really process what was going on. I'm just so angry. I can't turn my brain off. 
**TL;DR** I am not seeking medical advice. A doctor wants me to stop a medicine that I've been taking for months after only an hour of seeing me. Is this common? Is this strange? I might get comments telling me to find a new psychiatrist if I'm uncomfortable, but I want to know opinions of others in order to have a better understanding so that perhaps I might not be uncomfortable anymore.&nbsp;---&nbsp;I am currently in country X. I am moving to country Y to work there.&nbsp;---&nbsp;**Diagnosis and medicine:**&nbsp;I have ADHD and possibly BPD (borderline)*. I have taken Concerta in August of 2015, Brintellix in September of 2015, Zoloft from October of 2015 to December of 2015 and then Ritalin and Brintellix from January of 2016 to July of 2016.&nbsp;---&nbsp;**First psychiatric consultation in country Y:**&nbsp;- **In May of 2016, I had my first doctor's appointment in country Y.** I didn't have time to prepare for the consultation and was mostly worried about whether or not I would be prescribed Ritalin. After an hour of talking to me, the new doctor said she would prescribe me Ritalin but not Brintellix.- It's a long story, but the short version is that I was **not prepared for the consultation, and the new doctor was the one driving the conversation** (mostly because I was not prepared).- My soon to be new doctor (starting August of 2016) said she **"suggested" I taper Brintellix** and to discuss the possibility with my soon to be former doctor. She said she would be happy if I followed her "instruction" (I thought it was a suggestion), but "totally respects" my current doctor (**But how is it respect if you don't give the current health care plan a try?**).- I returned to country X and explained the situation to my current doctor who is still in residency. We are currently discussing how he can address my concerns as he is unsure for the practices of transferring medical documents in various countries.&nbsp;---&nbsp;**Anyway so my question is:**&nbsp;> **What do you think about a doctor who wants me to stop taking antidepressants even though I've been taking them since September?**&nbsp;---&nbsp;**Further explanation of the question:**&nbsp;I was prescribed:- Brintellix by a doctor (a psychiatrist) in country X in September of 2015- Zoloft by another doctor (a GP) in country Y in October of 2015,- Zoloft and then Brintellix by another doctor (a psychiatrist) in country X in October of 2015 and January of 2016 and finally- Brintellix by my current doctor (resident psychiatrist) in country X from January until July of 2016.&nbsp;---&nbsp;**But then all of a sudden despite all those doctors and prescriptions and two medications in two countries, she meets me for ONE HOUR and wants me to taper my Brintellix?**&nbsp;---&nbsp;**Shouldn't she maybe continue the Brintellix and then see if her hypothesis of me doing better without them is correct?**&nbsp;I mean **innocent until proven guilty**: I think it's more harmful to take me off the Brintellix if it's actually good for me than to continue the Brintellix if it's actually bad for me considering I've already been taking Brintellix for 4-5 months by the time I was talking to her and antidepressants for 9 months by the time I was talking to her.&nbsp;Actually after she "suggested" (yeah, if it's a suggestion, why didn't you prescribe me? isn't she actually imposing rather than suggesting?),I told her I was diagnosed with BPD. **She laughed.** She was saying something like I bring up too many labels or use too many professional words and that I should talk more about my feelings instead of bringing up a lot of labels (which was pretty good advice). I don't think her English is very good either. I do not speak the languages in countries X or Y, but the people in country X are pretty good in English. (So this rules out either country being the US, UK or Canada, but any advice when it comes to those countries may helpful because I might have somewhere to look).&nbsp;---&nbsp;*It's a long story but I was diagnosed in January, dediagnosed in April, rediagnosed in May and then dediagnosed in June. I'm about to speak with the doctor who diagnosed me soon. It's not my current doctor. But still in country X.
My anger has spiraled out of control. I'm chronically irritable, negative, and mean to people. Especially to my best friend and my family. I take it out on people who don't deserve it and rarely feel that guilty. My anger is very very intense, many times to the point of overwhelming me into tears. It doesn't take much to set me off, either. I'm also very judgemental and that judgement angers me. "Why can't this person blah blah blah...?"I need help, whether it be a reply or someone to talk me out of it. I feel as if I'm too far into it to see clearly anymore. I don't want to be like this. My friends and family don't deserve to feel the way that I make them feel.
My SO is 22, I am 20. We've known each other for five years and we've been dating for three. We are long-distance. Phil has been through some serious shit in his life. His dad is ex-army and abrasive (he's calmed down now, but he used to be really confrontational with Phil growing up) and his mom has depression. He inherited her depression and was often the one taking care of her because his dad didn't believe in depression. His dad would just scoff and go out for long walks when she had her episodes. This led to a lot of tension between father and son and a few fistfights as Phil grew older. His dad relentlessly pushed for him to be a "man's man" and did a lot of damage to his emotional growth. Phil's first girlfriend was abusive and raped him. He went to his dad, his teachers, his friends, and no-one believed him or tried to help. He was just mocked for letting a girl gang up on him. He tried to get away from her and she turned everyone she could against him. Phil was already the weird kid at school and she fanned a flame of violence towards him. This resulted in a few fights, and a couple of really serious injuries. Phil was stabbed a few times, beaten up, and had a rock thrown at his head which caused permanent sight damage. Not all at once, but it was constant. He did start some of the fights, but I can't really blame him. He was 16 and afraid and angry and didn't really have anyone to go to. He was alone and needed to feel in control of something.He was diagnosed with depression, anxiety, and anger issues and he did go through therapy. It helped, but his doctor told him that they couldn't put him on medication because it would worsen one condition or another. When I met him when he was 18, he was very depressed, frustrated and suicidal. I was going through abuse at home at the time and we found comfort in having someone to lean on who understood. Years later, he's been in and out of therapy for his depression, but his anger has taken a pretty big sideline. I wish he would get proper treatment instead of the two or three months his local clinics will give him, but there's not much we can do about it. He doesn't have the money to pay for substantial therapy and the program that helped him before got shut down for lack of funding. We've talked about getting him to my clinic in the future and it's something he wants to do, but it could be two years until he moves out here with me. I'm not really sure how to help him.He's in a job he hates right now, and he just lost his dog who helped him survive his crisis. His friends have been flaky and he and I are both tired of the distance. I think it's really piled upon him because he's been having more outbursts than usual. Small ones and some larger ones, but they happen a few times a week now. He's never outwardly abusive or vicious towards me or anyone else during this, it's always an implosion situation and it's worrying me. He starts talking about how he's a fuck up, will never get better, and then goes into how he's afraid he'll do something to me. I have no reason to feel fear or unsafe around him. We have our fights, but he has never acted dangerously towards me. I point this out and he starts saying that it's because he's holding his anger back and that I'd run if I saw how angry he could get. I feel this is spiraling, isolating behavior meant to push me away. I usually give him space and we revisit when things are calmed down and he's not so depressed. And that's the thing too. His anger is more closely linked to his depression than he realizes. I've heard that depression shows up as anger in men and I believe it. He does have his moments of agitation, but it's usually because something has been pushing him all day. He does have a short fuse, but it's never given me reason to fear him. I'm stubborn, but I'm not stupid. I do look out for myself and call him out on his behavior when he does step out of line, but he's never done anything truly bad. This evening he was having trouble with his computer and I helped him repair it and then we were all on skype with his friends. He was still short from the days frustrations, but he seemed to relax and have fun pretty quickly. I ended up leaving the call to let them have a guys night and then when he went to go to bed, he started in on his isolation behaviors again. He started telling me that he was an abuser and would hurt me like he's hurt other people before and that he wants me to walk away. I tried to get him to talk but all I could really get was that something went down with a kid who his mom was caring for when he was a young teen and a fight with one of his exes. And that evening he had an outburst over his bedsheets which started the spiral. I'm not blind to the fact that he was violent as a teen, but everything that I know clearly shows it as a reaction instead of instigation. There were times he instigated, but they were few and far between. He was a bullied kid who fought back and made himself scary to keep himself safe, not the monster he makes himself out to be. I've been pushed there too and I know how good it feels to finally release all that frustration and anger, but I also know that who he is now is so far from who he was then that I highly doubt he feels anything but guilt over what he has done. I told him that we'd talk in the morning and that I loved him, and he went to bed. He applied to a therapy opening last week and I'm hoping he gets it, but he might not. He also wants to revisit his medication possibilities and see what's available. I have a feeling I'm not going to like what he has to say tomorrow, but I know that he is a lot farther than he thinks he is. What can I do to understand and listen properly? I want to support him and make him feel safe, but there's just not much we can do to actually change this right now. I'm afraid that he's going to spiral and do something to push me away for good and I don't want to be put in that position. I love him and we have a good life together despite our issues and I'm afraid that he's going to give up. So what do I do? What can i do to help my partner get through this and see that he's not who he thinks he is?
Hello everyone, first off I want to apologize for any formatting errors as I'm on mobile. Now on to the big stuff.I'm going through a break up. We were together for 7 years and I am heartbroken, while the breakup was caused by many things on both sides I know my anger was a gigantic factor in everything coming from my side. I know it's because of my depression and that is my main focus but I also want help in dealing with the anger when I feel it coming on. I want to learn how to notice the warning signs ahead of time and what steps I can take to be better. I don't want to feel this pain and never want to cause pain in the ones I love. What are some of the things that you guys have done to recognize, process, handle, and reduce your anger? What are some things I can do to get RID of the anger and to do what I need to do to be better. Any advice is helpful outside of anything that requires money as right now I just don't have any at all. Edit: meant to say that I know I do get angry in the the title. I didn't put the correct verbage. 
I've been easily angered for so long now, somewhere from about 14 onward (I'm 21 atm). I think am usually pretty calm, but there will be times, where certain things flare up my anger. That is the only way I can describe it. Someone, will do something, such as touch my stuff, and my anger will suddenly swell up into rage.  My anger was not previously like this. Sure, I got angry at a lot of things, but it usually simmered and fizzled out after a bit. In the last year or so though, I have noticed that my anger has only increased. I am irritable, am quick to anger, as well as quick to snap. It has has increasingly been caused by small problems (to others). To me they feel like a massive deal. I have started shouting at people, which was not previously there. I've also had to start hitting to wall or throwing something at the wall, otherwise I would go and shout at the person I am currently furious at. I've destroyed my relationship with my sister, who I was previously so close to. I've always been a crybaby, but now I cry at the drop of a hat. As soon as I become enraged, as soon as my parents try to talk to me, I start crying. It's even to the point where I start crying so much that I am finding myself unable to breath as well. I hate when people touch my stuff, look at my screen, tell me what to do if I'm already doing it. Even at strangers, while I don't have an outburst, I get incredibly irritated at those walking slowly, standing on the wrong side of the escalator, or even just being too close to me. I'm struggling with uni, and getting a job, and I feel like I'm nowhere in life. So when someone asks me about anything to do with that, I am uncomfortable and can also become irritated.I don't wish to fix that relationship, only to somehow fix my anger. My boyfriend has had to put up with me pointing my anger at him and I don't want to do that to him or anyone else. I can't control my outbursts of anger well, and I'm feeling horrible from all this. This coming week I'm going to see a psychologist so we'll see from that. But to people who may have experience with this, how can I fix my anger issues? 
Ive been angry my whole life and its gotten ridiculous, its time for a changeIt feels almost impossible to see past it
Link: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rXT7Q8GIJys
I'n not really depressed, nor do I have alot of self hatred, or aything other than sheer anger that would cause me to self harm.Does anyone else do this? I beat myself out of a need to explosively and violently express anger. Boxing used to work but I can't afford it anymore.
I don't want this to be long, I've just had so many years of bottled up anger and I don't know what to do with it. I don't know how to change it or what to do with it when it shows. I've tried meditation, boxing, yoga. I am exhausted from my anger cause I don't want it. And it's hard to control sometimes.
Okay so I have very bad anger issues, my name is Jasmine. I am reaching out for help on ways to deal with my anger or helpful tips to calm down. Today this girl was saying awful things about my mom in a message to me on Facebook. I called her and told her if she really wants to talk and not hide behind a screen to meet me where I am (I told her where I was). In reality we wouldn't be "talking". I'd be beating her up and sending her away in an ambulance. It's been 20 min since this incident and I feel like I could of handled it much better, I just don't know how.. Could someone please give me helpful tips & advice? Thank you so much all of you for taking time out of your day or night to help me. 
The best I have."Do you have to make me feel bad because......you can't control your weight?"...you hate being stuck with your wife"...because you can't accomplish anything else with your life?"
Just curious.
Well, I never talked about my anger with people before. Lets see how it goes just letting it out.The past 1 year, Ive had very sudden mood shifts, I go from laughing to full on rage easily, out of the blue. All it needs is one wrong word from someone or something, and Im already extremely pissed. This has harmed my relationship with friends and family. I have no idea how to control my anger. An example, I made a surprise farewell plan for a friend is moving to Australia, someone disagreed with a point, and I amazed myself at how angry I got, I nearly punched the guy...... If anyone knows a way to control my stupid stupid anger, would appreciate the method............ Thanks for readingA_bored_guy

So I'm 31 years old. My parents were divorced when I was in 9. I didn't take it well. I started smoking cigarettes and pot, which helped with my anger but I had anger issues before but after that it got kinda bad. I put 4 different kids in the hospital within a year of the divorce. So I got sent to social workers, shrinks, I was committed for 3 months at 13 years old. The drugs they gave me really made it worse. I had a strange reactions to some of the drugs. I dont remember much of the time in but after it was all said and done. The pills helped me forget I was mad,  I wanted to hurt people.... One day after hearing a song I thought that I should fake not being angry. That has lasted 18 years. I am having really hard time hiding it anymore. The drugs just make me sweaty. I stay at home 85% of the time. I don't want to kill. Killing has never crossed my mind. I just want to hit some people in the mouth. I find more of my thoughts are becoming increasingly difficult to hide. I never was a racist person either. But over the years I find I really hate and loathe everyone.
I always feel irritated, when I explain how to do a simple 4 step task and look at me on step 2 asking what they have to do again I start getting irritated, when a customer I'm greeting ignores me and proceeds to reach past me instead of saying " I don't want/need assistance." I get irritated. If I'm reading something on my phone and one of my friends touches my screen fucking up where I was in the paragraph I snap. Hell even today I was playing a video game with a friend and after some conversation he asked me what my location was, so I go to find out just to see it obstructed by the chat box, my friend sends the message 3 more times as I'm attempting to adjust the size of the box, I ended up flipping out instead of just ignoring him, fixing the Chat Box, and responding. Why do I get angry with people over trivial things, and what can I do to help prevent future outbursts?
When someone believes that being angry or resentful for something is justifiable when logically it is not. Almost as if he/she thinks "hey, i can be mad about this, so i will be".

So earlier today my half-sister got arrested for assault, possession, and B&E. My mom is very upset and turns to the bottle. Her and my sister we live with get into a dispute about how she's a danger to her kid, but she goes off about how my sister stayed in her room with her boyfriend all day. I'm the supportive "you'll be okay" and "everybody cut it out type".But, I snapped when my mom's repetitious rambling about how my sister's kid and dog that she had to care for aren't her responsibility, after she dropped the kid and made me watch him all day, got to me. I told her in no uncertain terms that she takes no responsibility for her own fuckups, tries to deflect it onto her child's laziness, when she was irresponsible and was the one who ultimately chose to be a worthless alcoholic today. She breaks down crying about how my sister manipulated me or some such bullshit, and how I apparently don't give my dad shit, and that stupid fucking dog that she insists is relevent. I can't take it, so I say a few things I am ashamed of.- "When you're sober, you're my mother. When you're drunk, you're just a drunk."- I threw a bottle of excedrin at her and told her she'll need that for her hangover.- I said something to the affect of that I cannot love her while she is drunk. I can remember saying "We'll talk in the morning when you're sober, and then I'll love you again."- "As long as I've known you. You've been an alcoholic. Being supportive doesn't work, ignoring it doesn't work, tough love doesn't work. Now I'm down to yelling at you like you're a dog that can't be trained!"How can I keep a cool head with a raging alcoholic mother, a sister with anger issues almost to the height mine got to (I'm typically the gentle one in the family), and the realization that my dear mom has so many glaring character flaws and has been borderline abusive towards my sister (not that she hasn't abused my mom right back)? I'm seeing more and more with every day of her being a hopeless alcoholic... that I'm starting to despise my mother. I can't think of traits that I love about her anymore, and I'm getting to the point where I'm starting to not care that she is my family anymore, and it's scary.I don't want to hate my mom, and I don't want to be harsh, but I can't think of what else to do.
I DO NOT want to physically hurt anyone.I know it's wrong, I know it will only cause more problems, but I still can't stop thinking about it. I've really reached the limits of my anger..
Well, I just want to get this in the open for once, guess here is a good start.  I have always had anger issues, its been a problem my entire life.  Every time I think I get it under control in one part it leaks into another.  I fool myself into saying that it is not that bad, even though it destroyed a previous relationship.  Here I am almost 10 years later and sitting in the same spot, thinking I had things under control when I did not.  Not sure what to do.  I have talked to people in the past, but never made any real connection.  Thought I was strong and smart enough to keep it under control, but that is not the case.  Hard to admit you cannot fix yourself.It seems I have had patterns my entire life and what I learned growing up watching those around me.  How do you change that?  Seems almost insurmountable.  This time I am pretty sure it is not to late, but it is getting there.Just not sure what to do.Thanks for letting me rant.
This sounds crazy guys, but take a break.  Ignore the things that make you angry.  I just sat down for half an hour before I realized I couldn't manage my anger, and I just let it go.  My friends are gone too, all they used to do with me was smoke weed and drink, so I guess it's for the better.  This isn't worth your time, trust me.
I don't even know where to start. They are disrespectful to my stepfather, to my sister, to me, to each other, and to my friends. They always end up with good looking girls, they mock me for not knowing how to talk to girls, I recently punched one in the face for not letting me have something. He was holding it over my head and I told him to stop 3 times but he just laughed so I lost it and threw a jab and made him drop it. I told him I was sorry but everyone looked at me like I was a spawn of a demon. The other one tells lies about me to his friends and family. I knew if I tried anything to get back at him I would be in big trouble. I would go back to not having a dad if I had the choice.
Hi Reddit. This is just a vent because I can't fucking take this shit any longer.If you wanna know the whole story you can go through my post history - not particularly happy reading though!To summarise, I was assaulted in March, a girls night out that was meant to be with just my best friend (of 14 years) but she decided to bring friends i hadn't met before, but she had known for the last two years. I was unconscious/sleeping after the night out and woke up to one of the guys assaulting me. Immediately went to the police, guy is arrested, now out on bail, pending decision/sentencing by Crown Prosecution Service. Those of you in the UK know how long this shit takes and it is infuriating to say the least. Said 'best friend' hasn't talked to me since the day after it happened for reasons fucking unknown to me except she's a textbook fucking narcissist. Friday night I see posted on Facebook her hanging out with my rapist. LAUGHING. DRINKING. With all my other key witnesses for the night. I have never felt this angry in my life and i'm still calming down from it five days later.What the fuck is wrong with people? What the fuck is wrong with her? What is the point of being friends with someone for 14 years, seeing them go through shit, then to just dump them? Dump them when they fucking NEED YOU the most? I feel like i'm grieving and I hate her almost as much as I hate him for what he's done to me. Because I never in a million years thought she would do this to me. To not talk to me, then to almost rub it in my fuking face and HANG OUT WITH HIM. AND DRINK ALCOHOL AND TAKE A PICTURE LAUGHING TOGETHER. What SICK FUCK does that!?!?!? I don't know how to deal with this anger and how to deal with her. I don' know what to fucking do!Fucking hate people. It leaves me with no trust in people, no trust in my judgement and no love for humans. 
So I've known my Stepmom for about 15 years, and for as long as I can remember, she's always been the most negative person in my life. For instance, as soon as she hears the phone ring she just mutters "Fuck" before she even knows who it is or what they want. Besides that, nothing ever works, everyone's an asshole, and none of it is her fault. She always asks questions, doesn't look for the answers, and then just gets mad and blames something or someone in the universe. She's taking care of my dad who has brain cancer, and honestly, she's at her best when she's helping take care of him. Right now he's still fairly independent, so she doesn't need to take care of him all that much. When he left for a chemo appointment today, she starts yelling about how she's paying $1000 more in property tax than the neighbor who has a property value that's higher than hers. This went on for like 2 hours before I decided to just look at the paperwork and help her get an answer. As soon as we figured out what needed to be done, she starts yelling about how she needs to find the tax information and how my Dad gets a hold of things and loses them. This was all after being angry about the lawn service...and that was after being pissed about the cleaning lady. Now, my main issue with all of this is not that she gets frustrated because they can be frustrating situations, but how she reacts to them. Instead of just saying "Ugh I can't find this form!" but instead "The damn tax office needs this fucking form that I can't find but God forbid you get a hold of someone on the phone who can speak English. It's like c'mon people! We live in A-MER-I-CA!" and then when she does get a hold of someone she just starts yelling at them. After I helped her today and she kept bitching I told her the problems fixed and to chill the fuck out cause I hit my limit.For the first few years, my older brother and I kept quiet and just ignored it until we got older. Then we'd either joke around with her or poke fun at her and that would calm her down, or we'd tell her to "shut the fuck up" and that would also calm her down but definitely in a less effective way. The latter was usually when we'd lost our patience, though.  When she first married my dad, he would try to empathize with her and calm her down, but now he's turned more into her kind of personality, which has caused them to just yell back and forth at each other until someone says "drop it" and sometimes that doesn't work and the situation is never resolved.This kind of stuff goes on for hours and it happens multiple times a day, and this has been going on since I was 13 (I'm now 28). What I'd like is to get some methods of getting her to stop freaking out all the time so that we're not all surrounded by so much anger all of the time. We obviously have a really good life (except for Dad's cancer), but it's not even worth it when she just makes everyone yell all the time. Any and all suggestions are really appreciated!!
Don't get me wrong its not someone I dated, but a friend that I have know for nine years. Two weeks ago I ask if we could meet to talk because we weren't on good terms and I wanted to know why and if I had to say sorry or explain myself. Never did I think this would happen. I was so nervous to talk to someone who had seen every side of me. She can in texting on her new Iphone. She didn't greet me when she sat down, she just continued to text. When she finished she looked at me expectantly. I said my greetings to which she did nothing. So I thought maybe I should just get to the point. I ask what was wrong between us. She said nothing and that she wasn't mad at me. So I thought good we can hang again...but I thought wrong. She gave me the cliche line that we just went our separate ways and that was it. She wasn't really even involved in the conversation, she was on her phone. I was too shocked to say anything back except "thats it?" she said yup thats it then left. I sat there wondering where it went wrong. Did I do something? Could I do something to fix it? Why? I'll fix myself! So as I left I put on a calm face and went to my truck. Then I sat there pondering more things I could have done wrong or things I could do to fix it. I just drove. I drove to the only person who would tell me the truth. When I got there she knew immediately something was wrong. As she moved to embrace me I started to ball my eyes out. I was so confused and lost. When I was finally able to tell her what happened she told me something that I had been denying for those nine years. She said that if our friendship was important to her she would have tried. I asked if I had tried hard enough. She told me I was the only one trying. After leaving my helpful friends house I started to get angry. I tired hard for nine years, I did everything she wanted to do for nine years and complained very little if at all. Anytime I suggested something she would complain and lie saying her mom wanted her to be back at a certain time, but what she didn't know was that her mom would tell me its okay to hang out till late as long as we are safe. The more I thought about it the more angry it made me. I wanted her to feel the same way I did. Not angry, but hurt and confused. I knew she was too dense to figure it out emotionally. But no one can deny physical pain. I wanted so badly to go find her and beat the shit out of her till she wasn't able to get up. I wanted her to beaten and confused, but the funny thing is I never noticed how much of an attention whore she was. Without me she had no one to look better than. She posted a picture of herself with just a robe and bra on. Half the robe was off her body. But the thing is she isn't that great of a prize. She uses people and insults them. When she done she throws you away. So why couldn't I see my fate coming? One of these days she is going to get whats coming to her and I hope i'm there to see it. Have fun bitch
I have been dealing with a lot of stress-related rage lately (i.e., heart racing, screaming, violent impulses, etc.) Probably connected with my job to some degree, but mostly, the anger comes out in my personal life.I've expressed an interest at home in getting some sort of heavy bag so I can blow off steam, and learning some techniques so I don't break my damn wrists.My SO is puzzled: why would I *need* to get something like that? How can I get *so* angry? Isn't it better to just never get there in the first place?I feel as though I will *never* be able to explain to her my impulse to damage when I'm in a full state of rage. To her, it just seems like something that "other people" do, and that beating the shit out of an inanimate object is a bizarre outlet. But to me, the idea of saying that I know I'll fall into a rage and that I want a way to blow off steam without hurting anyone...it seems so obvious.Getting people to *get* it...such a useless damn endeavor... :(
So ok, here's my fucking story of why I am so fucking angry. I'm sure it will get downvoted because that's the story of my fucking life, but here it is. I'm 32 years old young woman with no friends, a mother who pretends to love me but who really doesn't give a shit about me, my father ran off when he found out he knocked up my mother, from elementary all the way until the day I graduated from high school, I was bullied, ridiculed and basically was a loner because no one and I do mean no one liked me. Why? Because unlike my fellow classmates at school, I wasn't fucking and into wearing skirts that showed off my ass or my tits, I was a quiet little, nerdy bookworm who dressed more like a 1980's nerd and so that made me unlikeable. Flash forward to today where I'm a wanna-be filmmaker who can't even get her fucking film project off the ground because while everyone can get their scripts right at least the third time around, it seems I can't get it right *no* time around and I know it's not because I'm stupid, I know I'm smart because I graduated from high school with honors. I've seen the worst scripts get critiqued by others and the writers of those scripts were told the scripts were great but I submit my script in, oh mine's is terrible. I have a Facebook account and people on my friends list, oh they talk to others on Facebook but no one talks to me, no one even responds to me unless it's with the cold shoulder. I ask questions online and people respond back with rude, mean responses - FOR NO REASON AT ALL. I go outside and if someone sees me and I see them I smile politely and they look at me as if I'm the enemy. NO ONE wants to be friends with me, I know because I've tried many, many times to make friends with people and they'll attempt making friends with me for a few days and then stray off and away and I am like what the FUCK? What am I the goddamn bubonic plague? Maybe it's my personality? NO because here's my fucking personality - I'm nice, I'm extremely nice, humble and friendly to *everyone*, I would take a bullet for a stranger standing next to me, if someone were walking in the rain with me without an umbrella, whether I knew them or not, I'd give them *my* umbrella, my one and only umbrella. I'm that nice to people. I care about people I don't even know, I mean care like they may be my friendly but how do people react towards me? How do they treat me? They treat me like I'm the gum under their shoe, like I may be nothing but worthless shit and I am SICK of it. What, should I stop being so nice and so kind and so humble and friendly to people and be a fucking BITCH 24/7? Maybe then I'll get people's respect and be liked. I am so sick of being nice to EVERYONE and having everyone say FUCK YOU to me back. Well you know what? FUCK YOU everyone for treating me like a goddamn piece of shit, just because I'm so nice and so friendly and kind and shit. Maybe if I took some pills and killed myself, everyone would feel sorry then but you know what? Probably not, no one would probably, more so than likely no one would come to my funeral, except my mother, just so publicly it looked like she cared. I mean seriously, why be in a world where NO ONE gives a fucking SHIT about you and everyone can't STAND you?? 
I tend to get mad and then get even more mad at myself for getting mad. The only people who see my anger is my family. None of my friends know this side of me. My family knows that I can be extremely loving but when I get frustrated, annoyed, and especially stressed, I have very little control of myself. I don't yell but I do raise my voice and gnash my teeth. I get so upset then because I know I lost my cool and I know now my family will tell me to stop acting this way and control my anger. I feel like everyone looks at me as the "moody" one in the family and I hate it.I just got upset at something silly today and I overheard my grandma say to my mom that I need to learn to calm down. My mom said that she's been trying for years. It really upsets me that I'm like this. I hate this side of myself and I am scared my family is sick of me. They don't deserve to deal with this. 
I needed to create a throwaway account for this because I hate myself for writing that title, but I truly fucking hate father's day.I work a job in which the busiest time of year is literally THIS week. Every year. Always.For the past few Father's Days, I have spent my time working my ass off at home to meet deadlines and spending absolutely ZERO quality time with my kids. And time I do spend, they are so "off" because they can read that I'm "off", so all they do is spend the weekend screaming, crying, and fighting with me, their mom, each other, etc.I know it's not intentional. It's not like the two-year-old plotted to fuck up the weekend for me, but it makes me so fucking angry when I turn on a TV and see some fucking "Happy Father's Day!" logo splashed all over a commercial, or I take two minutes of my life to just sit and watch a few minutes of a show on Netflix, only to have that goddamn hammer and crescent wrench up in the corner telling me how important dads are.I thought the point of this day is to make me feel appreciated, but instead, I feel abused, ignored, and absolutely useless. And it never fucking ends. Kid done with his nap? Want to come out and play? Nope just stand there, in your room screaming the word 'Mommy' over and over again because she is out with the other kid. Other kid comes back and sees me poring over work that has to get done this week. Any, "Sorry you have to work so hard. We'll do something special this week!"? Nope, just straight to, "Why can't I ever have a TV show when I want one? Why don't I get to do what so-and-so does? Why doesn't my little brother have to clean up the same way I do?"God fucking damn it. I just want one fucking "special day" to actually feel *special* and not like just another goddamn brick in the fucking wall of stress and anxiety that I feel like I'm constantly trying to take down, only to fucking rebuild again.Fuck this weekend. Fuck this job. Fuck feeling like I don't matter.Fuck Father's Day.
This is happening right now:When I am very angry at my gf I want to hurt her. But not immediately. When she gets me angry i try to solve the problem with reason, logic and a solution to the problem. She often refuses to accept or even listen to my proposals. I like the idea of using your words to solve problems and talking it out. Its not even when she rejects all reason that i want to hurt her. At this point i just tell her to leave me alone because we arent solving this problem anytime soon. Its when she rejects all reason the proceeds to PURPOSELY irritate me as a response:Following me aroundTalking to me like nothings wrongBeing faux-nice(like asking me if i want something she knows i don't like)asking why im ignoring hermessing with me while im trying to relax or sleepusing a cutesie voice like everything is perfectasking me why im so madsinging EXTRA LOUDtelling me that i shouldn't be madand whole bunch of other shit..Its when she does this that i want to hurt her. And i truly believe she deserves it. But you can't put your hands on a female so i can't do anything. At this point I need to detonate. So i can either just give myself time to calm down but know this will happen again and again and again. Or I can kill myself and never have anymore problems ever again. 
Sorry if this is out of place, but I needed somewhere to vent. This might ramble on a tiny bit, fair warning. TL:dr at the bottom.So a couple days ago, for reasons I won't go into, I broke up with my girlfriend. Late last night, around 9 pm, I get a text from her saying that she was going to hang herself. I spent most of the night on the phone with emergency services trying to locate her and make sure she is ok. Even though I had just broken up with her, that doesn't mean I want her dead, you know what I mean?Finally, after several hours she says she is going back home to to the deed, so I alerted emergency services of her address, and they were successfully able to get to her in time, and keep an eye on her until her parents could take her. By this time it's 1 in the morning, and I get up at 4:30 to get ready for work. Naturally I'm a little tired. My job is to inspect high end servers and desktops at a warehouse before they have software loaded on and are then shipped. I ended up missing a couple obvious errors because I was tired, and my boss noticed. He asked if I was ok, and I told him why I was up late last night. He then said, and I quote, "You should have let her, that's one less thing for you to worry about"Oh I swear to fucking god my blood is boiling just writing this. This only happened about 30 minutes ago. I seriously considered just punching him right then and there, but I just threw down my ESD gear and walked out. I'm planning on going to HR to quit and report his ass, but I just needed to vent. Thanks for listening. TL:dr Ex girlfriend tried to hang herself last night, I was up most of the night trying to locate her. When I was tired the next morning and mentioned it to my boss, he said, "You should have let her, that's one less thing to worry about."
Recently, I was part of an invite email for a weekend of friends gathering in some rented house. From the time I saw the first email to the time I opened the second one, I was already locked out of the plans. Apparently there had been a good many people on that email who had been sitting right next to their inbox. It's nothing, but it does trigger those "being left out" feelings that we all harbor. The organizer who is a friend sent me a follow-up email saying that if anyone drops out, she'll let me know. I don't know why I felt compelled to write the following, but it was satisfying at the time."Thanks for letting me know. In case someone does drop out, is it still the same price for B-listers or do we pay an upgrade fee? In any regard, I will enjoy my year's supply of Rice-a-Roni and a home version of the game."Like I said, it was satisfying at the moment.
I like to be able to play Magic: the Gathering. Particularly Legacy.Anyway. I like to think I am apart of a community but these guys are starting to piss me off. Story 1. During sanctioned tournament game of Magic I make a bad gameplay mistake. My opponent, (I have known for years), calls other guy over (whom I have also known for years) and says "hey look at his bad mistake" and other guy says "hey that was a nice thing you did for him." I pick up my things and leave immediately. It was the last game. I try to let it fall off my shoulders.Story 2. I propose would you rather questions from /r/wouldyourather out loud to talk about.  (I have known these guys for years) One question is along the lines of "would you rather spend one year in prison or three years under house arrest" I immediately say I'd choose prison. To which then for 15 minutes it seemed they circlejerked on how much worse prison is. Another guy none of us knew who happened to be shopping and browsing the store even stepped and gave his two cents on how it be better to choose house arrest. Thing is after 90 seconds I even INFORMED the #1 dude (whom I have known for years) that I changed my mind. But they *still kept talking about it*. This is still hard to let go.Story 3. I was reading off of TIL on reddit about how a baboon actually directed train traffic without error. I actually said "bamboo" by mistake. to which to that one asshole that doesn't like me (whom of which I had always tried to be nice to even though he still didn't like me because I'm just that nice of a guy so I kept trying and it was only until recently I gave up trying to be nice to him, hence this post) kept going on about it. I told him to say bamboo one more time, he did. I sat there. "he called your bluff" said the first guy I mentioned was my opponent earlier. Which riled me more and still is.I am thinking about going and reminding him about when he said "bamboo" and seeing if he remembers, to which I will then use the knowledge I gained when I searched YouTube "how to throw a punch". I am thinking I will land my middle knuckle either on the side of his jaw or on the side of his lip. it could be an asshole and go over the eye but I'm not the type that will want to break his glasses. I had an idea about using one of the folding metal chairs but when I posted to /r/nostupidquestions I found out that that has a chance of leaving a concussion, which I don't want.I know that it would end up with me being unwelcome at the store from then on out but to know that he paid for his assholiness would make it worth it.My whole life I've never been an angry guy, and I like to be able to play magic and play board games with congenial people... but those people are making it harder. and I wish it could be as easy as finding somewhere else because I would./r/anger What do I do?edit - forgot the best part. I have punched myself in the face just to see if it hurt. It did. But that may have only been because I moved into the punch.
Lately, I can't even walk on eggshells around her. She keeps starting fights from trivial things like my (going out of my way to get her a towel) but instead of handing it to her i flung it over the door, or the time a spoon looked dirty in the washing machine after I did dishes...like these fights turn into week-long stints of anger. I'm having trouble being patient. She refuses to see a counselor or go to couples therapy. What do I do?
My roomates/friends have always liked to tease each other and normally we all take it well. However, for the past few months I have found myself unable to handle it from one of my roomates. For the past few months I have been beginning to feel as if his remarks are not being said in good fun but just as a means to draw a reaction from me. I know that I am easily frustrated and very clearly show that I am but I have never used violence or raised my voice, until today. I was just trying to get a  straight answer to a fairly simple question and he was not anywhere near giving me one so as the child I am I finally broke, screamed a few profanities and stormed off. My favorite part is his laughter as I strut away. Well, here I am on a now sleepless night at 6 am on reddit trying to figure out where I went wrong and how I can prevent this from occurring I the future.
I am currently coming out of a decades long dissociation shame that at one point made me think that if I could just kill people, I would feel better. I actually would write about it, and I could imagine the blade of a knife going in and feeling the relief from it. I would look at crime scene photos and I would see all the blood and guts as beautiful.  I am realizing that I think it came out of believing I was evil and worthless and bad as a kid as I was taught about Adam and Eve and the Fall, total depravity of man etc. I am realizing I never remember feeling loved by my parents growing up. There was a general sense that they cared for my well being, but my mind twisted it to mean they were caring for whoever their offspring was, and they didn't love 'me', they just loved whoever they gave birth to so they could spread their genes.I was always extremely shy as a kid and in social situations I would freeze up and my mind would go blank. I used getting good grades to counteract the shame, and I had this coping device in my mind of me being smarter than everyone. I had to be better than everyone and be perfect, because if I was perfect than I wouldn't do any bad and I wouldn't be evil.I failed out of college and I spent days just sleeping 12 hours a day going to work eating junk food and doing drugs to cope with the emptiness. I always remembering feeling okay right after eating food. It helped me to feel okay for a second.  I recently after months and months of therapy and writing about how shitty I was, and writing horrible scenes of gruesome torture and had a night where I cried and cried and cried about how I wanted to be loved and I didn't want to feel the shame anymore and I didn't want to be bad.  I am amazed at how I managed to feel such dark intense disturbing emotions, and I managed to never hurt anyone physically or emotionally. I think it might have been a psychological thing, like I wanted to hurt people to get rid of the pain so I made it so I tried in earnest to never hurt anyone ever.There is still this dark part of me. I will have to use self control, because I want to write evil letters to Christian people who just kept telling me over, and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over about how I just needed God and I needed his grace and forgiveness.I just want to write a letter like,   And I hate how, of course Christian people if they read this would cast themselves as the victims. They would gasp in exaggerated shock and say innocently "You...want to persecute us? Like we have been persecuted in America for centuries?" And they would tell me it's my fault and how much God loves me and how he sent his only fucking son to die for me because I was too evil and my proper meted punishment should be a SAW trap with Jigsaw telling me that if I had only believed in his son, he could have saved me from this fate as demons rape and kill me.
This is my first post to r/Anger. I usually post to r/Anxiety, but I find so often, they are intertwined.My question is about rage. For those of you who experience it, how do you feel afterward? Because in my case, I feel terrified.I just had a major meltdown at my home in which I slammed a door so hard, I broke the door jamb. Broke the frigging door jamb. And after I calmed down I looked at the damage and was just flabbergasted. That isn't me. It's not who I am. I am not the Incredible Hulk. But when I'm in a full rage, there is nothing that can stop me. And its frightening.I remember in high school, my step-dad giving me shit for not wanting to get into fights in school. I can't remember if he used the word or not, but I am pretty sure he saw me as a major "pussy". Why wouldn't I stand up for myself? Why wouldn't I throw a first punch.The rage is why.Did I want to get hurt? No, of course not. But more to the point, I didn't want to hurt anyone else. And I know that if I were ever in a situation where I was fighting someone in a full rage, I could very likely cause some major damage. I am not a strong man, as such, but when the lights go off in the rational part of my mind... I just don't know where it comes from.This is why I've never hit my children. Or driven a car while in a rage. Or held a tool, or a bat, or a bar, or even a broomstick. I just know it wouldn't end well.I guess what it comes down to is when I slip into a rage, I'm sure I'm scary to watch. But what I don't really know is who is more scared: the people watching? Or me?
Today my bf and some of hes friends were drinking in the living room. There just drinking beer after beer. I don't mine he was calm. But he note some of hes beer was getting gone and they didn't drink them. He beer was in the kitchen refrigerator? So he ask did I get I them said no. We have a daughter and son. Both can't drink but I'm pretty my bf lets are son drink. But i could tell he was getting mad about he's beer so he went to are daugther and ask have she seen he's beer. Some reason he could tell she been drinking on how she want barley open her mouth and eyes were looking funny. Then this the point I knew he was going get mad so I had ready ask the guys to make he doesn't noting to get him lock up. My bf and our daugther start fuss so he said bitch put your dam hands since you want act grown. She start yell I can't blame her he's way bigger. Everyone at the door starting because we know how he is.That when he's friends just restrain him and drag him in the living. After there fuss I tired get my daugther calm down but she was scared So I had get one guys set beside her until she fell asleep. I going talk to her later about what she did.But as for bf he really pissed me the fuck off. I understand him getting mad but want fight her and beat TF out her I didn't like. So I went downstairs and slap tf out told come back when I tell you so he grab he's keys Just start speed down the road.My daugther is 17. I tired call my bf come back but he want even answer. I'm lost and scared. Only reason Im scared because has serious anger issues I don't want do noting crazy. He went even answer he's friends phone.
Today is literally my birthday and I still fucked it all up with my anger. the day started off fine and all that shit and nothing wrong happened. Then my sister (also her birthday today) closed a door on my finger. I was probably triggered by the pain or some shit fucking hate the word triggered sounds like some fucking tumblrina and I exploded. I just started attacking my family (verbally) and screaming curses at them. eventually I was just screaming. I thought I calmed down but then my sister started crying, which made me feel terrible, and reignited me. I was furious and was screaming. I punched the walls and shit numerous times lots of holes and just broke stuff. to finally fucking finish myself off I elbowed a large poster with a big glass cover over it as hard as I could and I shattered it. there was and is glass everywhere. My family left to go celebrate our birthday without me (its fair I deserve it) and I just went to my room, disgusted with myself and just to out of it to deal with anything. I have tried everything my meds dont work and therapy is fucking bs. (I go every week) I dont fucking know what to do. I turned 15 today btw.
Hey everyone. I was in a relationship with a wonderful, truly wonderful girl, but she broke up with me because I was emotionally abusive to her. Verbally abusive. Whenever we argued I'd turn into a monster and say the worst things I could think of. Everything I said broke down her self esteem. Eventually, she had enough and left me, but she says she wants to help me get better at controlling my anger. So I found this group and decided to get help here. I need to get better. I don't want to become like my father. I was traumatized as a child because he was physically and verbally abusive to my mother. I swore I'd become nothing like him but here I am slowly turning into the thing I fear most. If anyone here can provide me with any help or support, I'd really appreciate it. I don't want to lose anyone else over my anger. Or let my lack of control get worse. Please help :(
I have had rage problems since I can remember witch I have transferred to getting into fights and doing to much stupid things to the point I actually got staved in the shoulder I just want to change things up and thanked you for the help.
So most people think that I am a very calm person who isn't agitated easily.  I'd say that's true for the most part- I am pretty patient, don't get annoyed by little things, etc.  What really upsets me though is when I feel like someone else is treating me unfairly or is negatively impacting me but is too stupid or self-centered to realize the magnitude of what they're doing.  If I explain it to them and they don't think it's a big deal or worse, don't even understand what I'm saying, I get incredibly angry and frustrated.  If someone makes a mistake or does something to me and either owns up to it or apologizes/clearly feels bad after I tell them how what they did affected me, I really don't care at all.  Honestly if someone is even trying to hurt me intentionally that might make me angry but it doesn't make me so angry I feel like acting out...because if someone is being mean intentionally I know that they *know* they're not treating me fairly.  I'm not a perfect person but I do think that I am pretty self-aware and when I make mistakes, I genuinely feel bad, apologize, and try to fix the situation.  If I'm not self-aware, I can at least understand it once the person I affected comes to me and points it out, and I would never argue with someone who had the courage to come to me and tell me I messed up.  I usually feel bad and try to make it right.  **History**: So looking back, it's obvious my problem became apparent in high school.  My anger was usually directed at my mother.  It started when she refused to take me to a dermatologist because she thought my acne wasn't that bad, and then later when she would be cleaning up and throw away my homework.  My mom is a great mom and devoted her whole life to being the perfect stay at home mother, but she is sometimes very illogical, irrational, and lacks common sense. I'm not exactly a type A personality, but I took school very seriously in high school because I live in a high-intensity area where everyone is competing to get in to the best colleges.  So my mom a few times would throw away whole problem sets or handwritten essays, partly because she was drunk many nights but also because she just didn't know that what she was throwing out was homework.  I'd get home from rowing practice and be screaming because my homework was gone and I'd have to stay up an extra 4-6 hours redoing.  Obviously I could have kept my homework locked up somewhere, but I didn't.  And so she did it a few more times, and then it escalated from screaming to throwing things and I even banged up a few flip phones after throwing them at the floor in frustration.But then I went to college and I wasn't around my mom as much, and the tantrums stopped. I no longer felt so ridiculously angry, and decided that I must have just been an over-anxious, stressed out teenager dealing with a slightly incompetant figurehead.  When I got into college and wasn't living with my mom anymore, I was no longer as angry, although I did get frustrated a lot when visiting with my parents on breaks home from school.  My mom and I got into an argument over something stupid one time and I guess it just bothered me that she kept insisting she was right about something that my dad was laughing at her for thinking (something like asking her how many miles she would have driven in an hour if she was going a speed in mph).**Current situation** So high school was the last of the tantrums...until recently.  I've been seeing someone, and he's a great boyfriend and actually usually very smart and logical, but sometimes he can treat me unfairly and gets stubborn and refuses to admit he's being that way. He almost always later realizes it, although sometimes this can take months.  I had been keeping my cool during disagreements with him for about a year, and he actually admit that he had a temper problem, and that was apparent because he would yell and call me names during arguments and I felt I would argue more fairly and try to keep to the subject at hand.  About a year in during our arguments, I noticed I would start to raise my voice sometimes or hang up on him.  This upset him, but it also somehow made him take me more seriously, so I think his reaction to my anger escalation has weirdly given me positive reinforcement and condition me to act that way.  I only just now realized that might be a factor so I'm hoping that self awareness can help me.  Then one night in February, my boyfriend was driving me home one night after drinking with his friends and dropping them off, and he jsut got mad at me for no reason and started to tell me I suck.  He said it was all my fault he had to drive me home and that I was holding him back from hanging out with his friends, and I just got so incredibly upset.  I had gone out of my way to make sure I wasn't getting in the way of any plans and he offered to take me home, so I thought we were going back to his place to hang out and have more fun, and I just did not like his immediate 180 after dropping off his friends.  So I asked him to take me home and he wouldn't, so I started calling an uber to pick me up from his house when he got there, and he took my phone and stopped me.  When I got out of my car, I was so upset because he wasn't letting me go home, but then was mad at me for something I felt wasn't my fault.  I tried to explain it and he kept telling me I was holding him back from his friends.  So I just lost it.  Started screaming, throwing this picture frame my friend gave me from the party we were at, and then eventually my phone.  When he realized how upset I was, he apologized and said he would drive me home.  On the ride home, he admit that he was being unfair and was just butthurt because he didn't think his friends would be hanging out without him after he dropped them off and was taking it out on me.  I pointed out that he could have dropped me off at my house *first* (I live really close to where they were all hanging out), and he said I was right and apologized, and that cooled me down.Until the next time, where we were discussing something  It was something stupid and hadn't turned in to an argument yet, but he said something like "well I guess it just really sucks because a year ago you were giving me a hard time about it and it turns out I was right."  I asked him how I had given him a hard time, because that's not at all how I remembered things...he goes on and on just about how he ended up being right about a certain situtation with one of our friends and I was trying to defend myself until he literally said at the end of the argument "well it's not like I said you were giving me a hard time or anything" and I. Lost. It.  I tried explaining through my anger that that's actually *exactly* what he said to open the conversation, and it just wasn't registering.  Like he kept saying "oh so now I'm not allowed to disagree with you??" and "wow I guess you just can't ever be wrong, huh" and I was just fed up with his inability to see that he had clearly contradicted himself and got me in an argument over something he denied at the end of the conversation, and I asked if I could go home and he wouldn't let me.  So I threw my phone at the ground and ended up cracking it.  He was more willing to listen to me and apologized a little bit later (after of course I apologized for throwing a tantrum) but I don't know if it was a sincere recognition of what he did or if he was just saying that to calm me down.There were a few more instances, some after drinking but some totally sober, where I felt that I was not only being treated unfairly, but also that he wasn't taking me seriously when I pointed it out and also didn't understand why I was mad.  It also upsets me when he assumed I'm upset about something unreasonable because it fits this crazy gf stereotype in his head when really I'm upset about something much more rational- like I've had to explain to him so many times I don't give a fuck if he goes to guys' nights but I do care if he ends up bailing on plans with me to go to those guys' nights.I mean you're only hearing the angry parts of this relationship but otherwise it's a very good relationship.  These things don't happen too frequently, but frequently enough where buying new phones is cutting in to my savings.  I don't really want to break up with my boyfriend, although I have talked about how maybe that might be a good thing while I work out my anger issues.  This really hurts him though, and I don't blame him, because really I should just be able to get my shit under control for him so we don't need to separate.  He even 100% fixed his temper problem and realized name calling was just unnecessary and hurtful, so I really owe it to him to fix my anger problem.With my mom it was different because I could just get out of the situation by not being around her and not living with her anymore.  I don't really want to break up with my boyfriend, and ultimately it's not fixing my anger problem- just running away from it.**TL;DR** I get really angry when I feel like: 1. I'm being treated unfairly and 2. The person treating me unfairly doesn't realize it or doesn't believe they are doing anything wrong; and then I end up smashing my phones and other glass objects into the ground because I feel it makes the person I'm mad at take me more seriously.  Of course I always regret breaking my phones and I know that rationally, smashing things on the ground doesn't solve anything, but in the moment when I'm super angry I don't really care and just need to make it known that I'm angry and have a good reason for being that way, especially if words aren't getting the message across.  Is there a better way to get that across?  Any magic words I can say that will make someone take me seriously and/or smart enough to realize I'm being treated unfairly?
It was subtle but I still felt ostracized and like I was worthless and not good enough. Then recently a guy who I fell in love with basically at the time was really abusive emotionally and I am still resentful about it. How do I get over these things? I often distort or exaggerate things when I'm angry, that's what I did as a kid. I'm told by a parent I still do when I'm upset and therefore feel like my feelings and views aren't considered seriously a lot of the time. What should I do to get over these feelings and work through them? 
This motherfucker. Always invading my privacy always threatening to fire me from my job if I choose to stand up for myself. Always blames me or someone else for his own fucken problems, like some how it's my fualt.. The other day I stood up to him and he wouldn't fucken admit it wasn't my fault the best he could do was say "well it's partially your fault". He's controlling.. He's stifled my personality ever since I can remember. No one can stand up to him in this house and his wife has no life.. I wonder why? (My dad). He sucks the fun out of everything. His wife has no hobbies or hangs out with many people. Probably because every time she's on the phone he asks "who are you talking to??" And then says some comment about the other person. He asks everyone before they leave "where are you going" he just has to know. All that stuff isjust some smaller stuff but he's just a fucking controlling dude who is deep down (what I perceive) a pussy. The last thing he did was go through my stuff in my car because it was dirty and cleaned it out but his cleaning is "throw shit away" so I know he fucken threw away my p.o. Box papers that let me know where my p.o. Box is In the post office. (Yeah I got a p.o. Box so he wouldn't be nosey about stuff I got in the mail) And since this is an anger sub I guess I'll give u an example of my anger.. Well I clench my teeth around him when he does something like throw away my stuff and I walk away and feel just like AHHHHHHH (feeling like I could punch through anything wooden in this house or break anything with my fists.. Lol Jeez.. It's Relatable I bet) and when I'm in my car sometimes I just yell (I wouldn't even call it a yell it's a lot more scarier than A regular "yell") or say fuck.. But to my astonishment its such a crazy "FUCK" that it blows me away... There is so much rage. I also just have random moments when anger and rage just come to me randomly.. I'll just be sitting down or about to go to bed then out of nowhere this anger starts to leak out and it's like I don't even know why.. But I honestly believe I do know why.. It's just odd how the repressed emotions leaks out. Ahh well time to start my day...
My colon starts hurting and sometimes even my urethra a bit. I get a sulfuric taste. My neck hurts, the left side and I get really warm. And if course my stomach begins hurting.Anything this could mean? Do I officially tell my doctor about possible anger issues?
Hey, everyone. This is my first time posting here. I've had problems controlling my anger for a while now and lurked this sub, thinking about posting but never have.I won't be overly long-winded, but to give you some idea, I'm 29 and the earliest episode that I can remember having was in the first grade. I don't remember what it was over, but I ended up picking up a desk and throwing it at another student. I wasn't allowed back to school until I saw a therapist.It's been like that since. I got suspended at least fifteen or so times throughout high school for fighting. I just get so made that I explode. Now that I'm a little older, it's much less frequent, but the episodes seem to be more intense. While I used to just fly off the handle before, now I stuff things down that bother me or make me angry and ignore it. And then, blam! Something mundane will set me off.Like today, for example. I was in my office on my computer with a headset on. I like to play games online with my friends and I had just bought this headset like two weeks ago. I went to take them off and they just snapped. Now, a normal person would be upset about this, but I flung them against the wall and just exploded through the house.Another thing that I do, that I didn't notice till my wife pointed it out, is that I will rip into myself while I do this. I love to write stories and today I just bashed myself about how my writing is dumb and how no one would like it anyway, so I should just quit. And I'll run through *everything* that I've been angry about for years, just making it worse.I've actually cracked a tooth gritting my teeth before and even give myself stress headaches.My wife thinks that I should see a therapist, but I was in and out of therapy till I was like 20 and it didn't seem to help.Anyway, I'm not asking for advice or whatever. I guess I just wanted to type it out. I can't really talk to my wife about it and I'm not close with my family, so I guess I just wanted to get it out and talk to other people with similar problems. 
I've never been able to expel my anger fully. It's like being constipated after eating too much cheese, you sit on the toilet and you feel the build-up in your guts, but you just can't go.My anger is like that. I know my triggers and I know I'm getting angry, but I can never get rid of it. It builds up and eventually I'm so disgusted with the trigger that I have to abandon it and expel the trigger from my life. This is probably a very unhealthy way to deal with anger because I should be abandoning the anger itself, not the trigger.It really creates a pickle when the trigger becomes my job. I've lost great jobs before because of this, but I used to just think it was because I was irresponsible. I think I know better now, it's my anger building up too much to the point where it physically pains me to deal with it. I think the only resolution I'll ever find is to live alone like a hermit, surrounded only by animals, no other humans. Problem is, it's not so easy to do that in modern America. Not sure what to do...
I really wanted to do this on a throwaway, but I thought that I needed to be true to myself.I am only 23. I shouldn't be this bitter so early on. But right now this demon that is inside of me is in plain sight. I am an embodiment of every single negative thought that goes through my head but this time I actually say them out loud.I feel as if I have lost everything. My friends have left my life due to various reasons (my fault, their fault, life, etc.), I have ballooned to an uncomfortable weight and I am doing everything in my power to lose it, my mom is dying and she might not make it through 2017, and my brother abandoned me and moved across the country after seeing how bad everything is at home. Two years ago, I was diagnosed with depression. But after two years of very unfortunate events all of that depression got transformed into pure anger. A very fiery anger. This anger has lit a fire under my ass and has pushed me to work harder and make me realize what I am truly capable of.I have been rejected from social and professional groups in very harsh ways and my best friend since kindergarten turned on me called me a fat n*gger just to impress his friends. I think about it every single day and on nights like this it really stings. I blamed and reflected on what was wrong with me. I even started to hate myself.I would stew in my anger for a bit, but I have a wife and two cats. I don't want to hurt them in my anger. Most of the time I just want to be left alone to do my own thing. It is affecting my marriage and I hate it. I don't want to cuddle and spend time with her anymore, I am just on a tunnel visioned path towards my unreachable revenge on the people who I have wronged me in the past. What makes my revenge unreachable is that I plan on getting revenge by being as successful as I can be and showing them what kind of person I turned out to be. But the problem with that is that they aren't even watching. They said their piece and moved on with their lives. I wasn't even special enough for them to check up on me.I don't even know who I am anymore. I used to be the kind of person who will chat with you all night just so you can feel better. I had a smile that was contagious but now my anger and bitterness is my identity. It is what I associate myself with. I want to change so badly. 
What leads you astray when anger and pain are your default responses to a situation? After all youre only being yourself, arent you? But this version of you is highly corrosive to everybody else. But ofcouse, everybody else should conform to your will, after all  everybody should be intelligent enough to understand you; for who you are and love you unconditionally. But when the chips are down and the tables are turned, you have nothing to gain from this technique of using anger all the time.Deep in your heart you know that there is a better way, but you fight it. You fight it, until the very end because your ego is attached to it. The other reason behind it is simply the fact that you persist in your folly, until you hit gold. But tell me, how often does one hit gold after years and years of unhappiness and solitude?  Never.So how does one justify his deepest intent to someone without losing their temper. Love.Use it. Use love, because were all one, and were enjoying this world that we created and know nothing about. The beauty of the game is to lose yourself enough that you realize its only a game. After that, its all just music. Every fluctuation, every dance, its all music. The theoretical supposition that love and god are one and the same thing, is immensely freeing from all boundaries of lust, hunger, and limitations. However! Ofcourse, if thats the man you seek, thats the man thatll kill you in an instant  aka God. Because one that chooses to let go of bodily demands is a fool. How else is one to live in this world? Controlling inner needs is foolish. When we let go, we dont truly see. We need to take care of our needs to fully see through controlling anger.True saviours are those that save themselves, and true warriors are those that realize that the fight isnt a fight until its a fight inside the mind. A soldier goes home thinking he did the right thing.A fight only ensues when the two parties are at battle in your mind. That is anger. Two opposing view points in the mind that cant win.Letsflow instead. Lets be unique. Lets music to the dine, and corrosion to the wine.Anger is nothing when touched, because it doesnt exist. Just like love, and the lunar eclipse. It comes and goes, and it wont forever flow. Controlling anger is like controlling love, its simply an expression that will always exist, like the air.This world is ever expanding and ever slowing down, so whats the hang up? Whats the will to still your mind? Whats the reason to stick to a prejudice or a supposition that life is anger and youre you-niquely angry? When everyone is the same, and everything is one  then why be against something that is a version of yourself. Like a mirror that speaks its mind, when a shiver that creeps its spine
Well this is all new to me to start with. I have just now started to accept I have an anger problem and it may have cost me my marriage. I'm not even in my 30s yet how did it get to this point. I guess I should back up we have been together 6 years married for almost one. I have always had "outburts" of yelling and spewing vile pretty much any mean thing I could think of. I literally told her go die somewhere. This is not me this is not how I really feel but my god why did I say such horrible names to her. I called her a cunt. The person who I couldn't have ever been happier to marry. It's like once I start getting angry I turn straight to hurting the other person using the worst shit that I know. 
I am really trying to deal with my tone when I speak. I want to control how my voice escalates to  yelling when I argue. Recently I have been having more and more outbursts and so I joined this group to read up on how to notice when you are getting into this angry place. My sister told me the other day that she's really scared of me when I get mad. I feel so guilty. She says that I yell at her a lot. In my memory of our discussions, I don't recall even yellling, but she claims that I was screaming at her. I don't want to keep repeating these mistakes. I dont want to be an abusive person. I feel like a piece of shit. Does anyone have any tips on controlling your tone of voice when you start getting upset, but you want to keep talking to someone. Td;dr: I keep raising my voice too much when I have arguments even though I try to keep my voice calm. Any recommendations on how to help with yelling when arguing?
I don't really have an anger issue. However, every once in a while something will some around and make me see red. I don't lash out in violence, but I sometimes shout and yell at people. Any advice to better manage these flashes?
I've been dealing with anger issues for a few years now. It all started after my dad passed away in 2008. I was 14 going on 15, and just about to start high school. I bottled up all of my emotions in order to be the 'rock' for my mom and younger sister. But this didn't turn out too great. The bottled up emotions started to tear me apart from the inside out. I would put on a happy facade in public and just ignored the emotions. But then I started having rage episodes where I would just destroy things. I would never physically hurt someone, but I took my anger out inanimate objects. I punched numerous holes in the walls of my room, slammed doors so hard they would rip through the door frame and off the hinges, smash furniture, etc. I'm sure you get the gist. It would get so bad at times, that I would actually black out during this episodes. Afterward, I would have an emotional breakdown. I would feel like a monster and would be terrified of myself. The cause of these episodes would often be so trivial and petty. Something that a normal person would simply brush off, would send me into a raging tirade. That went on for a few years while I was in high school, and I seemed to get a grasp on things when I went to college. I would have an episode here and there, but nothing to the extreme of what I used to. Everything since then seemed to have mellowed out and it looked as though I finally had a grip on my emotions. I had a good streak going for the past 2 years of not having any rage episodes. Fast forward to this past weekend and they're back. My family, my girlfriend, and myself were all enjoying the weekend and hanging out. Then for some reason, the littlest things started ticking me off. While everyone was playing games, I decided to separate myself from the group and sit on the couch to watch TV. Then at night, I just snapped. I'm not exactly sure what caused it but I just exploded. I flipped the couches and desk in my room, kicked in my folding closet doors, threw my phone into the drywall, threw a chair into the wall. My mom came up and started freaking out on me, for good reason. I just wanted to be left alone, so that I could calm myself down. But my mom was just getting in my face screaming back, not helping the situation at all. That's when I snapped again, and picked up the chair I threw earlier and started bashing in the back of my closet's wall. It's been an emotional roller coaster the past few hours, but I don't know what to do. I honestly felt psychotic and I feel like I'm starting to lose my mind again. 
My boyfriend has anger issues. He knows it and has told me as much. He knows he needs to control it, but I don't know if he's able to. It mostly shows when he plays video games or when driving.Is there any advice anyone can offer to help me help him?Just this morning, I woke to the sound of him throwing his controller and shouting at a video game from the other room.
Im 22 years old and my brother is 19. Im still living at home and moving out this summer. He constantly mocks me for not having friends because im at a community college and most of my good friends moved away to school. He also enjoys mocking me being in my room alot when im not at work or school. I enjoy gaming and kinda hanging out after being tired and don't always want to go out so this is his go to attack 9/10 times. He is considerably smaller then me since I have been working out for over a year to control my anger. Im on fucking breaking point. I want to fuck this cunt up and teach him some manners. Its not even like I started the fight, he just stirs the pot and is a dick for absolutely no reason. Suggestions?
I have probably the worst job I can imagine when its hard to deal with your anger issues. That of a customer service worker. People call in angry to me an vent their issues. Normally I can deal with angry people as they are usually mad at the situation. But there are times when they are just rude or abusive that I want to reach through the phone and strangle them...or worse. I have heard people "oh just find another job", which is easier said than done. Plus I like the company I work for and have several areas for advancement, I just need to make it through till then. I just need help dealing with the customers I have now.
- Anger can be a healthy and acceptable emotion if expressed and understood in a certain way- Anger is seen as a secondary feeling as it signals an unidentified need. The problem is not being angry the problem is how we choose to handle our anger. One way of handling anger is to acknowledge the sensation of anger as an unidentified need and empathise with ourselves in order to reconnect.- The four main components of Nonviolent Communication are: Observations, Feelings, Needs and Requests#####There are four options for receiving negative messages 1) Blame ourselves     2) Blame others     3) Sense our own feelings and needs. (Self empathy)     4) Sense others' feelings and needs. (Empathy)    - Expressing step 4 (empathy) followed by step 3 (honesty) is the most likely way to get your needs met.        #####Steps to expressing anger 1) Stop. Breathe. 2) Identify our judgmental thoughts. 3) Connect with our feelings/needs. 4) Express our feelings and unmet needs. 5) Make a clear request of what we would like from the listener. Could be a reflection of what was heard.#####Sources / Further Readinghttp://www.feelyourneeds.com/index.php?option=com_content&task=view&id=14&lang=englishhttp://www.compassionateinteractions.com/expressinganger.phphttp://www.nvcworld.com/harnessing-the-power-of-anger
The main influence for this post is the fact that my girlfriend has decided to take a break from our relationship. The reason? Me. More specifically, my anger. As soon as I realised I had issues with my anger and my emotions I began to understand the damage it can do to those you love the most. My biggest fear has always been hurting those I love and only want to protect and it has finally caught up with me. What started as what should have been a minor argument turned into a serious issue in a relationship that I believed to be strong. My anger and paranoia got the better of me and what I assumed to be logical statements ended up hurting her which is the last thing I intended. I wasn't thinking about her, anger can make you selfish like that where you don't take into account how someone might interpret what you're saying and that's what's so dangerous about it; the lack of empathy.I let my anger control how I felt and how I spoke and I am paying the price. My anger finally broke me and it did so by hurting somebody else. Somebody close to me who I only ever wanted to protect. I'm writing this for everyone on the subreddit, as small as it is, to try and help you avoid my mistake. It's not just about us. Leaning to consider those we hold closest in those times when you're fighting for control can give you the edge against your emotions. Think of them, and don't let the anger win.
I'm a college student and I think that might contribute to this. I've kinda realized that I have some anger management issues. It's kinda started a little bit during traffic, if I got flipped off I'd get mad and hit the steering wheel. Now that I have a girlfriend I've learned that it kinda scares her when I do stuff like that. If we get into an a bad fight when I walk away I hit things. Ive bering doing brazillian Jiu Jitsu for a few months now and did some Muay Thai kickboxing as well as some ground grappling and that helped a good bit, but it bejng summer I don't have that same realease anymore. It just seems like I'll snap and then just go off the handle. For example over Christmas break, I was at a party and had just taken my cooler back out to the truck, and when I had gotten back, the door was locked, understandably because it was an underage party, and when I knocked, a girl made eye contact with me, and then just turned away. It doesn't seem like anything but it caused me to just go left. I got back I'm and hollered ay her as well as her boyfriend. I'm from a really country town where fights a parties are pretty common, so I was fully expecting it. I'm in a fraternity and dont usually have an issue but I've gotten in a couple fights out our parties with brothers. I guess what I'm trying to get at is that I need help managing my anger and temper because it's causing problems jn my relationship as well as in my life. So can yall help me learn how to keep things under control 
Looking for a book that explains the psychology behind anger management and/or a self help book that could help me deal with anger. Thanks!
Whenever I play games that are multiplayer, I will get violently angry when things don't go in my favor. Here's the thing, I consider myself to be a very seasoned gamer; I take some games very seriously, so when I get angry, It's not at other people, but at myself. It's like I hold myself to a standard or something, even though I don't feel like I do.I've had a lot of anger issues growing up, and I've been able to deal with them in most cases, except this one. Sorry if you find this ridiculous or anything, but its a real problem in my life. Gaming is my absolute favorite past time, and at 22 years old, I want to fix my problem. Any advice would be greatly appreciated. 
Don't get me wrong, if there is something then I will get upset/angry but there are some people who can stay angry depite the situation.Let me give you an example, ages ago I was the type of person that when I recieved homework I locked myself down on it. I had a strict schedule that if I messed up or didn't follow up to it then because I would be wasting time at this point. But there was this period of time when I messed up and (don't get me wrong there would be anger) but I also I kind of imploded myself since I felt that I failed myself, but I will not fail myself. But I knew at the same time people who like me (friends) who somehow turned this into fury.Another example is if someone does something that annoys me to the fullest, like triggering, absoulte vexing. And don't get me wrong when it comes to the situation I am absoulety fuming but if I somehow just slip or just stop with that anger for 1 second, 1 second, then immediately I somehow get sad even though inside I am fuming.How do people somehow explode through the situation? How do people channel this? I want to stand for people. And before I finish I would like to apologise if any of it doesn't make sense, please let me know if I made any mistakes or it doesn't make sense and most importantly I greatly value your answers and thank you so much for your time.Thank you so much.MC9X
I submitted a post on here about cracking my Wii U gamepad screen for the second time because I was frustrated at Super Smash Bros, but now I think this is the last straw.Within the last month, I've broken my Gamecube controller from throwing it on the ground after my friends forgot to save the replay of an amazing match, my Wii U Pro Controller, after slamming it on the ground and breaking the left control stick, and I broke my 3DS by throwing it multiple times on multiple different occasions after getting salty at Smash Bros games, until today it finally snapped in half after being thrown one too many times against the wall.I don't know how I can stop this.  It seems that whenever I get frustrated I just have the instant urge to throw something, and I can't stop myself from doing it.  I've broken four different controllers within about a month, and now I have to pay about $400 to fix or replace all of it.  Should I stop playing Super Smash Bros., and is there any way to stop myself from instinctually throwing something whenever I get frustrated?
I'll give some back story before I give you my problem. I've always had a bit of anger problems. I never got control of this till highschool, and that had to do with going to church. I was able to find some friends their that excepted me despite my anger. That helped a ton, and I was fine through out high school. Now i'm in college, and my anger has become a bit uncontrollable. Before I go any further I do have depression, and this could be a symptom of that. Sadly, I can't afford to see someone about it. I'm not sure if that is the leading cause. I just need someone to talk to because I can't really go to my friends cause I feel like i'd be a bother, and I don't think they'd understand. I want to move on with my life. This anger is holding me back, so I need help.  
Me and my bf were having a big fuss.we Were in the hallway and he start walk away. So I threw something because I was pissed. I hit him right in the back of the head I don't know what I was thinking. He turned around so fast and got in my face.so I punched him soon as he got in my face. He Punch me right in my leg I drop because I couldn't feel my leg and I start crying. He just walked away into another room for a sec and walk to me laying on the floor. He picks me up and takes me to our bedroom lays me down. Then he gets a phone tell me call 911 if I want to. But I didnt. Then he start yell again telling not do that again because next time he's going punch me in the face. How should we talk about this so it wt happen again because he could of killed me if he want to. What should I do so this want happen.
Sometimes I just don't how to respond to someone being rude/mean to me.  I often feel weak for not knowing what to say/do if I'm angry.  Maybe I "know" deep down what I want to say but am too afraid to say it for fear I might get beaten up.  Can any of you relate to this?  I feel so alone and powerless when I don't react and the other person gets away with their shit.  I end up beating myself up over it and telling myself, "Goodness!  Man up for crying out loud!"
Whenever I'm out with friends I always seem to become angry/irritated with them. I don't know why. But I never talk and I just want to be alone. I don't like people because I know I'm easily annoyed. I can't relate to them and I feel if I do speak, I'll be judged and become more upset because they'll find a way to turn against me. Am I alone in this?
I can't explain it, maybe anyone here can. I get irritated easily. It's not due to anxiety or depression or anything. I always tend to say when you're angry or bitter for this long there's always a a cause, but I can't find it or find a solution that applies to why I'm suddenly irked. Simple things like these below almost always irritate me:* When my earphones are suddenly yanked out* Getting pricked by pointy objects (thumbtacks, pencils, nails, sowing needles, etc.)* Being itchy a lot* Being hot and constricted* Having to repeat myself a lot* People who are slow/hesitant to do or say things* People who are unsure a lot (saying "I don't know" or "I don't care" when asked a simple yes or no question)* When I or others mess up too much on a task/activity* When things don't go my way often* Dropping things frequently* Bumping into things a lot* Being shoved* Someone slamming the breaks when I'm in a carIt then spirals out of control. I thought it was stress related, but then I realized that I can have a completely good day and be in a good mood and then I'm stuck ruminating on things that piss me off if one or more of the things listed above occur to me. I have absolutely **no** clue what this is called. I notice that it doesn't happen to others as often or that it takes longer for it to happen in other people. With me it's almost instantaneous irritation, like I have low patience (which I do). What's worse is my dad goes through this too, but more severely, i.e he takes his irritation out on me at times, I hold mine in. Not abusive (yelling, physical altercations, etc.) in any way, but rude remarks, sudden and unwarranted bouts of honesty or just complaining/bitching. 
Hey guys,So I have some serious anger problems, and I have these self destructive tendencies where I hit myself really hard when I get mad. I can't help getting mad (mostly over school and poor teachers)  and I end up hitting myself, and I know I hit myself really hard. As I type this, I am trying to calm myself down with his anger, I've hit my head so hard I feel dizzy, I've puked from feeling dizzy because I hit myself so hard. I punch my jaws really hard (maybe I'll knock myself out, idk). Sorry if this sounds like rambling, but when I get mad I feel the need to see something destroyed, or I need to cause immense pain to myself. Anyone else do this? Some kind of discussion would be nice I guess. Thanks for reading.
Okay bit of background My SO and I bought our first house about six months ago, we knew it was a fixer upper but good enough to live in and slowly sort it. We had a plumber round to ask about our boiler just after as it was not being efficient he made a few tweaks and said don't bother replacing it it has a few years left in it, didn't even charge me for the call however since then it's completely packed in so we need a whole new system at the cost of 4000 which we don't have. Also last week as I'm a fucking idiot I accidentally left the door unlocked, and we were robbed. So I've been stressed to hell recently. My so decided we should also get a 7 month old puppy rescue dog in the meantime, which I was reluctant about as we already have another dog but what the hell. Just after she came along she destroyed my nice pair of sennhieser headphones which I shouted at her for, not loud or aggressive just told her sternly 'no' and 'bad dog'. After this she cowered away in a corner and had an accident downstairs out of fear as we have since found out she was beaten by her previous owner especially the guy. after I felt guilty for even telling her off gave her a treat and a cuddle she was fine but tonight she peed on our bed which she's done before but was getting out of the habit. I don't want to tell her off as I know it terrifies her however I did send her outside. But it's freaking midnight and I just want to sleep so I got angry, ripped the bedsheet off, Destroying it, got new bedding out of the other room and punched what I thought was a solid wall, until my fist went through it. So now I've got that to explain to my SO my toddlers temper tantrums just cost me a further 100 great.
fuck me everything i do is wrong alwaysi need to justr accept that no matter what i fucking think, what i do, i have NO control over a fucking goddamn thing. evertyhing is written in fucking stone, free will is an illusion, and im fuckign doomed to fuicking truin every fucking tjing i fucking touich every fucking time i fucking do any goddamn thing i fuck it up i am so siuck and fucking tired of every fucking thing going down the shitter just fucking kill me already come here and fucking rip my uiseless fucking head off and eat my fucking brains fuck fuck fuck fuck shit fuck die you peice of sufkcing shit i hate thie whol wfucking peice of shit worl dand everyone scumbag asshole shit fuck kill yourself fuck me fuck you fuck fuck shit fuck i just need to learn alreradynothing fucking mattersno one can be helpedno one cxaresno one existsthis is all in my fucking headeverything is fucking in my head nothing even mattersall life could ide right NOW and it wouldnt a difference at all nothing fucking mezan anything im just a fucking peice of shit for thinking i can even matter to a fucking single personim just fucking kidding myself that anyone can CHANGEI cant change no one can change FUCK THIS SHIT
I'm pretty sure any anger problem I have came from my dad. I'm the only one in the family who hasn't broken something when angry, which I consider an achievement. I like to think I control my anger but at this point I don't know if I've just been suppressing it and am waiting for it to explode.18M and about to graduate from HS along with my group of friends. These guys are proper bros, but this one guy is the asshole in the mix. I consider him the Cartman in the group as he likes making me angry because of the shit that I do (e.g throw insults at him). He gets off on it, specifically targeting me because I'm more prone to get pissed off. He's the only one I've ever been physically aggressive to, and even then it wasn't to much (I lightly hit him in the mouth, you can't even consider it a punch), but I think someday soon I'm going to snap and do something that I really regret. I really don't want to beat the shit out of him, but I'm not sure I can do that anymore.Would I be justified by my actions? 
I feel like a cranky baby and I'm not able to pinpoint where it's coming from. No real "triggers" since almost everything sets me off. Have you ever experienced anything like this?
Is it bad to suppress anger? I suppress my anger because I don't like letting it out. Then this incident happened when my younger sister started disrespecting me, it was happening for a long time prior to that and that day I wasn't going to let her treat me like that. I yell "shut up" "shut your mouth" and then the day after my family is already making fun of me for that I vowed never to show anger again and I haven't, that incident was months ago.
I'm the kind of guy who really doesn't get mad at all, 8 out of 10 times. But those 2 times, my anger directly hits it's max. My lips quiver, I can feel rage overwhelm me and I'm no longer in control of what I'm saying or doing.That state scares me so I consciously decide to do nothing. I move away or just shut up. But I feel that's an unhealthy way to deal with it. And also because silence is misunderstood. The people who do me wrong continue to do so because I don't say anything.I really don't want help on how to control anger, because I'm really pretty good in that area. But is there a way I can learn to EXPRESS it and let it out in a healthy way? Maybe a book, website or video that helped someone out that I can use?
In the past year I've stopped being a shy little special kid who apologizes for so much as breathing. That growth has come at the cost of my relationship with my mum.Every time she starts talking to me, I get defensive, I snap at her and try to make some distance, I don't really understand why.When I see evidence of her (from my pov) poor behaviour, I feel sick to my stomach, and then get really really frustrated and pissed off because she won't change, and I won't change back.I'm moving out in September for uni if all goes well, and I know that if I continue treating her badly I'm going to have to cut myself out of this family as much as possible.How can I put a stop to it?
I just got a new job and my new boss is legitimately crazy. The short version is that he thinks I should just figure out what to do on my own, without his help - and he gets very upset if I talk to him or if I do something wrong. In order to illustrate this, let's run through a typical workplace scenario:      Let's say that I've returned from a delivery, and now I need to put away the shipping containers. One of the containers is very unusual and I've never seen it before, so I ask my boss where I should put it. Now a normal person might respond by saying, "it goes inside the big white box on the back shelf" and the issue would be completely resolved in about five seconds. However my boss will instead stop what he's doing, and then silently stare at me with a mixture of confusion, disappointment, and disgust for about thirty seconds (I've counted). If I try to say something, he just holds up his hand and loudly hushes me. Then he says something along the lines of, "Are you being serious right now?" or "Just think, okay? You're not stupid, are you?" or "Think about it, try using your brain, okay?" He then loudly sighs, slowly stands up, says "just follow me," and begins slowly walking to the back of the store. He then explains, in the most condescending tone possible, "okay, this is box, see? You open it like this. Then you put the container inside of it, and you close the boss again. Okay? Do you think you can remember that? Good." This sort of thing tends to happen DOZENS of times a day - after all, I am still very new, and I received NO training at all, AND there are no other employees for me to ask (they all quit).     It really enrages me when someone treats me like an idiot, especially when I am trying my best to do a good job. He is so lucky to have me as an employee. And that's not just me patting myself on my back, he is clearly very busy, desperate, and has lost everyone he's ever employed. Meanwhile I'm always on time, never miss a day, I'm polite, well-dressed, try to maintain a good mood, am a good driver, a quick driver, trustworthy, etc. etc. And all he needs to do in order to keep me is to just give me a tiny amount of instruction - it would actually take up WAY less time than the way he's currently doing things!     I really need this job right now, and I even enjoy the actual work I'm doing (delivering packages). But I just don't know how much more I can stand of this guy. Have you ever been in a similar situation? Do you have any advice you can give?       
Hi Folks,   We are a startup and found a technology called hotword detection (e.g. "Hi Lightbulb: turn Red"), that can accurately understand hotwords and human language. See the lightbulb demo video: https://lighting.kitt.ai/howto Most startups are building smart home products using this hotword detection technology; but we are more interested in solving the emotional management issues. So we wanted to hear your thoughts: What are the top said hot words during an anger, please? We could build apps that detect when these words are said, and do some emotional assistance. Thanks!
I learned to be angry as a kid when I saw how my father beat me or reacted to other people. He was always calm and collected, until something happened and do things out of proportion. Over the years, I have learned to control it by being a generally happy person and those anger bouts becomes less and less. My philosophy was to control anger by taking away it's triggers. I learned to accept I am wrong sometimes. I learned to accept that people have different opinions and that's okay. I learned to take things as jokes sometimes. But, I was always insecure with myself and angry whenever I did stupid shit. I then went into dental school and I learned that, if I needed to deal with school successfully, I need to become a hermit, subject myself to extremely high standards to push myself, and to blame everything on myself to hold accountability. I came out with amazing grades, class position, etc., but my mental stability is like glass. Every trigger over the years that I learned to lose has come back with more triggers. The person I am now, is a completely different person that I was in the beginning. I think I knew something needed to change when during finals, I blacked out from playing pool and the next thing I knew, my friend told me I was throwing chairs and banging the pool stick on the table because I was so angry that I wasn't playing as well as I'm used to. Right now, I'm afraid to meet up with my friends from the past (now that it's break) because I'm afraid of myself, even though rationally, that's what I think I need the most.So please, for the love of everything, help me. I'm trying to get better. I don't want to end up like those people you see on TV who harm people. I haven't harmed anybody yet, but I can definitely see myself having a future that can, and I REALLY want to stop that. 
I've been playing a video game for about a year now, and it is a highly competitive strategy game revolving around getting towers, etc. and it has a rank-based system where you go up or down depending on all different things.Lately whenever I lose a game because me or a team-mate did something stupid and threw our win away I have feeling an immense strain build up inside my stomach and up into my chest after the game, initially I tried just slow breathing in and out but it didn't help, and has led now to biting down as hard as I can onto the fleshy part of my thumb just to help me feel better.I've tried stress balls, calming music, playing less competitive game, but I just can't help the feeling that I think I've gained through personal life matters that I won't get into in this post. Can anyone help me as I don't want the only way I can recover from it to be self-harming.P.S I don't do any other forms of self-harming and never will.
I've never been able to express my anger properly, because I seriously don't believe it would end well for me. The only time I am able to slightly express it is by jumping in my car and driving away from everyone for a few hours. I'm also on adderall for ADHD so my thoughts go so fast; that in combo with anger & depression is really, really bad. But without the meds, I cannot think coherently. My anger is situational, usually at the fact that I isolate myself and I am missing out on life when everyone is out having fun and dating. I am bitter, to say the least, because I don't know how to jump into any sort of social scene and I have very few friends who care to hangout. I'm fucking lonely and angry at the same time. At times I am truly desperate for interaction, but when you're desperate for anything, you're not going to get it. That's what I've learned.  So I have to pretend I am not desperate, which in turn just builds up all of this shit inside of me that makes me want to snap because I feel like a poser.I have OCD, and if someone makes me happy I begin to bother them, because I always want to be around them. I know there is an entire world out there, but I'm too busy self-sabotaging. It's a sick, vicious cycle. I just want out. I always think about running away or something. But where would I go? What would change? It's all an internal mess. All in all, it turns into a self-hatred, or a hatred for humanity with these false egos society demands. I'm trying to change my focus. I've been trying for years. I just don't know what to do anymore. 
I know it's not good to bottle up your anger inside of you, but I do it anyways. I only really let my anger out when I'm alone. One of the ways I do this, is from playing video games. I find that it helps me release my anger. However, this sometimes backfires... Like today, I might of taken it too far. I was playing a game (One In The Chamber in COD: Black Ops 2), and I was one of the only ones left alive. The other guy was afk. So, I decided to go to the washroom quickly. Well, that was a bad decision. When I came back from my break, he killed me, and it was shown as the final kill cam. I kind of lost my absolute shit. I turned off the Xbox, grabbed one my controllers, grabbed one of my knives and stabbed the thing about 30 times. I'm pretty nervous that I'll end up continuing with this barbaric behavior. Anyone have any tips on how to control my inner rage?
Oh, I know when I feel it. I love it. It's the most powerful emotion I feel nowadays. But I can't do anything significant with it, so I acknowledge it, it fades, and I go back to empty.I feel it most strongly when I feel betrayed. I bring my feelings to the person who has betrayed me, and they don't care. They don't always acknowledge the betrayal at first, but they always do in the end. They just don't care. They always justify it with "I can do whatever I want; you have no right to insist I treat you differently," and I'm left dealing with the emotional consequences. Apparently, people can do whatever they want without regard for others' feelings.It's especially frustrating because I'm constantly thinking about how my actions make other people feel. I go out of my way to treat people well and be considerate of their feelings in everything that I do. When someone comes to me with a legitimate concern, I modify my behaviour accordingly in order to preserve the relationship, because it means not only social harmony but also improving myself in the process.I just wish the hurt, betrayal, frustration, and anger meant something to the people who have hurt, betrayed, frustrated, and angered me. I know I have no real ability to "make" someone feel a certain way or conduct themselves in certain ways, but to know that my feelings ultimately don't matter to anyone but me just leaves me empty after the anger has dissipated.In summary, I suppose I could say that I'm having a hard time with post-anger. I don't hurt anyone when I'm angry, but the anger is part of the depression I've been struggling with for awhile, and I either feel it or nothing because of this refusal of acknowledgment of my pain from the people who have hurt me. I'm never allowed closure from them, and I don't know how to deal  with that in a way that brings me peace instead of emptiness.
It's around five AM where I'm at. I've been awake since two-thirty and I want to get back to sleep if not just for a bit, so I'll make this quick. I was bullied a lot as a child, and now I have a surplus of disdain  towards my bullies and an overall fear of people. What's been bothering me tonight is that I've had sexual thoughts about doing horrible things to others (as in greatly harming them).Maybe it's OCD, but there's very legitimate anger behind them. I have a therapist, and he's fantastic, but I'm honestly scared to tell him about this. I'd prefer to help myself in this scenario... In what ways can I help myself get better? I masturbate a fair amount, and to rather rough porn, should I stop that? What else can I do?
I play a lot of competitive games, I'm shit at all of them. But every time I lose, (which is often) I flip out. I say things that I regret later. I called one of my teammates a cunt and just yelled at them and I only get worse when I'm angry. Which in return makes me even more mad.  
So I have some pretty bad anger issues. Just making this throwaway to put this out there, not gonna go into explicit details of all my problems. Reason I'm here is that I've managed to damage the wall in my basement by punching it really, really hard. Hands are bruised, raw, and bleeding. But I still have that tingly feeling on my hands that you get when you're angry and you want to hit something, you know? Can't afford a punching bag (last one I had, I put a hole in it within ten minutes of starting to use it barehanded) and I don't have a gym membership. There's gotta be some way to release the stress physically without harming someone, right?
I've always been a bit fiery and quick to be snippy under stress but a pile up of stress culminating in finding stuff out that's left me feeling distressed and embarrassed have left me teetering over the edge of composure. It starts with an intrusive negative thought that swishes and swells in my head, and it gets hard to breathe and my upper chest feels knotted and I might break my silence by muttering something and then before I know what I've done I've screamed and punched repeatedly a wall or the banister or the arm of the sofa or the steering wheel. When it stops my throat hurts but I just want to do it again, I have a horrible pressure in my head and I want to scream it out but it doesn't shift. I'm terrified of losing the admittedly tenuous control I have now (I've never lost it in the company of anyone but myself) and flipping out and hurting someone. I don't know what to do, from an outsiders perspective I've been called friendly and laid back but tenacious. But inside my worrying is through the roof, my hands tremble, I keep struggling to speak and now these fits of blind rage. I don't even know if a GP would help me. 
Hi, everyone. Apologies if this isn't the sub for this kind of thing. If so, please point me to the appropriate page.I am a teenage boy who was recently rejected by a girl (in a very gentle way). Probably not a big deal, but it sure felt like one. I felt terrible--humiliated and like less than a man in a bizarre hormonal mix I'm going to call anger. I'd like to know if anyone else has experience with this feeling and has any wisdom or tips to give as to helping it pass? For the entire next two days I was in a foul mood and said some nasty things to people I really care about. 
Ok, so I am currently sitting in the University library and there are two assholes sitting in the silent area and talking. It's full and NO ONE seems to be bothered by them except for me. They've been talking for two hours, and it has stopped me from continuing on with my essay which is 50% and due in 4 days..I think my annoyance at their obnoxious loud talking, combined with my anxiety over this essay - which will save me from failing this course if it is a distinction - is causing me to freak out a little.I'm shaking a little (hands and feet), my heart is suddenly racing like fucking crazy and I'm ready to yell at these two mofos.I'm also trying to ignore it but I'm pretty sure I'm going to actually start crying soon. I'm scared I'll have a mental breakdown in front of everyone, so I haven't confronted them yet.I'm breathing as much as I can but I don't know how much longer I can suppress my rage before I turn into Hulk.Also, in relation to all of this, I've actually broken down into a crazed fit of tears before because of my sister's piano playing. This was during the HSC period (Aus version of the SAT) so it was definitely because of my anxiety over the exams, as well as the lack of silence I needed in order to study.
This is my first post here. My anger and depression isn't really caused by my circumstances much as it is that my buttons are pushed by my parents. I like them and absolutely hate them by turns. And when I hate them, all my bitterness flows out. I can't wait to be away from them but I still need them, that's the worst part.I'm a woman in my 30s (I only turrned 30 this year so I prefer to say late 20s, because I feel like I'm still there). I live in a culture where it's normal to stay with your parents if you aren't married yet (India). I work for most of the year and come back for 3 months to my parents' house. My parents are anti-social. They hate having people over. They judge every second person as "fake" or "show off-y" and refuse to have anything to do with them. They reluctantly hang out with a few friends of theirs. But they don't really gain anything from them. All they want to say is "Mr. ABC's son is married and he's only 24... Mrs. XYZ's daughter just had her second child! LMNO sent his daughter abroad to study after she won the Fulbright scholarship..." blah blah blah. They keep pitting me and my sibling against their colleagues' and friends' kids, and they claim they aren't comparing and that they're allowing us our own direction in life. I've been wanting to study in the west for years, and apart from sending me link after link of scholarship details, they aren't really ready to put in any other effort. For instance, I'll need to take a loan and they will have to declare their income and whatnot. They always make excuses to delay this sort of thing. "You start the process, we'll pitch in when we have to." FFS the process won't start without them!! My mother uses the excuse that she's "old" not to do ANYTHING remotely social. "Mum, shall we go shopping?" "No, I'm getting old, my knees are weak." She won't go anywhere or do anything fun. She complains about her day job but refuses to lower her hours because it gives her something to do. At the same time, she refuses to visit relatives or friends and makes a huge deal about little things like if I want to buy speakers for my laptop. She doesn't make a big deal about the price (we are quite well off), but about the process. She won't go online and let me order them from there. She wants a complete account of where my money (MY money!) is going and why. She'll urge me to "bargain" in 12 shops before I can get anything (the latest being laptop speakers!)  She's always complaining about the housework, or the commute to her workplace, etc. but refuses to get help to do any of those things. We have a maid and a driver that she overpays but is too reluctant to get too much work out of them - the driver just chews tobacco all the time and washes the car every alternate day. He doesn't have much to do because they don't engage him. Now that I'm home, I'd like to use the car for things but my mother says "Why use the driver when you can catch a bus?" Umm. You're paying him thousands a month? She says "He's there just for emergencies. Your socialising is not an emergency." My father. He and I had a wonderful relationship up until a few years ago. But his cynicism and bitterness just turn me off. He's always dire about everything. When I fell ill a few years ago, not only was he angry that I had caught this deadly infection, he was pretty sure "that is it for you" - I would die out of my own stupidity. After coming home now I've been trying to maintain friendly relations with him, laughing at his dad jokes, encouraging his sarcasm, irony and cynicism. I've been trying to be nice. But tonight I just lost it. He doesn't let me do anything around the house and then he says I'm a spoiled brat. He fills the house with his books and other junk from his hobby of hoarding things - musical instruments and furniture. Ffs, there's no space in the house anymore to walk without tripping over an instrument or hitting a bookshelf! When I come home, he says "it's not your business, you're merely a guest." Fine, I tried to accept that. Then he starts pushing bookshelves and unwanted tables into my bedroom - my one haven! When I ask the driver and gardener today to help me move one of those tables out of my room, he loses it. He says my personality has changed after I started working and earning on my own.  That I've become more spoiled and snobbish, that I seem to think the world revolves around me. That he and my mother are old and refuse to bend to my every will now. They kept bringing up the "old" argument so much that I pointed out to them that my cousins' parents are also old and they still have a life. They're not cluttering their house chock-full with junk and pushing away their kids when they come to visit. And since when was I a mere visitor in this house? I grew up here, I think I have some rights. They countered by saying that I've never done anything for them that didn't further my own interests. When I pointed out that when my mother was in hospital I was the one with her most of the time. And my dad is like "yeah, you'll never let us forget that". Wow. Why does everything become such a petty battle with them? My anger comes out in tears and may seem like a tantrum, for which my father taunts me: "good grief! she's crying like a 12 year old!" But I've tried so hard to control it all these weeks. I simply hate them sometimes and I don't know how to swallow my pride and shut up. Sorry for the rant I'm just really mad. I'm in my 30s, yet they pull me right back to my teens again. I hate the way they live their sad little lives and the way they make me feel small and useless. 
I'm not sure if this is the right place to post this. I've never really struggled with anger before but there has been recent family drama on a level I've never dealt with before either. I'm really angry about certain things that certain parties are doing, and when I think about it I've just noticed that my ears will start ringing and I'll start to get a headache. Has this happened to anyone else?
I never really admited it, but I think I have some anger issue. I hope this is the right place to discuss about it, if not, hopefully someone can point me out to the right direction as where I live there's no really support for these kind of things.I'm a 29 y/o guy i'm usually pretty chill but i can have these short outburst of anger from a really long time ( I was almost kicked out of primamy school at 8/9 years old for beating a kid coz when we were playing football he inadvertanly kicked a ball to my face). No matter small issues or big issues i'll usually rage for a few minutes before calming down and thinking rationally.Usually it's just small problems from punching a table coz i can't beat a level on single player game to kick the door of a car or break his small sidemirror at a red light if the driver cut me out earlier.Last saturday though... After having dinner with some friends, before going home I decided to have a glass of whiskey and watch some sports from a bar I usually go to. After that i went to the Mcdonalds close to there to buy some chicken nuggets to my wife. When i'm waiting for a cab 2 guys bump into me, we start having a small argument then i'm getting tired of their crap and punch one of them right in the face and get on with the second one. The thing is, since i always felt angry before I practiced boxing for a little over 5 years, it helped a lot. A good samaritan calls the cops, since one of these guys is bleeding and the other one is on the ground cops put the handcuffs on me. Take me to the station and throw me in a cage with the handcuffs still on for 6, 7 hours. I gave them one of my pal number since they asked if someone could speak for me.Long story short, the first guy i punched lost 2 teeth, one tooth is not really stable and he'll loose it sooner or later. The second one has bruised eyes like a panda and a nose bleed. Since they're hurt and i'm not, except for some scratch on my arms i'm at wrong. My friend manage to discuss with them and bail me out for approximatively 4500$USD (dentist fee + other bullshit fees) Otherwise i was looking at maximum 3years in jail for inflicting light injuries.Now I owe my friend (who borrowed from his friend) money, my wife is pregnant delivering next month, I have a little savings but not enough coz we bought an apt in september etc, to tell the truth i'm in a bad spot.Since i can't make money appear, nor make this night and mistake go away I thought i'd try to at least take the positive from this night and admit I have issues and start working on it.It's first time for me talking about this issues so i'm not too sure how it goes, all i can say is my life has never been a fairy tail.Thanks for reading me.
I am Canadian. Very recently, a small plastic surgery clinic in Montreal was the subject of attempted arson. Nobody was hurt but about 700k in losses were suffered. Why give a shit? Well, this is the only clinic in my country that performs government funded gender affirming surgeries. (Also known as sex reassignment surgery) What is the impact of this? Well, I'll tell you.People outside of the lgbt community often don't know exactly how long it takes to qualify for one of these procedures- at least if you're getting funded for it. It's not something you can just up and do. You need multiple second opinions, as well as having been on hormone replacement therapy for at least a year- and you can wait for years and have to jump through a bunch of hoops to get that, too. (I got my referral for an initial psychiatric consultation for hrt over two years ago and I am still waiting. And this is normal). Most people simply cannot afford to do this out of pocket- have fun getting a job if you're openly trans... or alternatively, have *even more* fun living in the closet like I am- so they have no choice. This act of arson is going to affect the massive wait lists that result- how much, we don't yet know. Now, since I am nowhere close to one of these wait lists yet, this doesn't really directly affect me. But I know many people who it will. I don't want to tell their stories out of respect for their privacy. But let's just say, when something you have to plan for years in advance gets fucked with... your whole life gets fucked with. Your plans for your education, or your work, or your family. I just got off the phone with someone I care about very much who was almost in tears. There was jack shit I could say. People can trivialize the importance of this all they want. I've kept myself alive over the years mostly out of spite for people like that. Them and the people who tell us to kill ourselves- and the people who, you know, kill us. The people who need these procedures fucking need them. I hate being trans so much. I used to think I wouldn't wish it on my worst enemy- but now, I totally would. Because I'd like for them to feel as shitty as this.They have not caught the suspect. I don't know if they will. We don't know yet if it was a hate crime- but would you be surprised if it was? Transphobic hate crimes have fucking skyrocketed in North America over the past few years. I don't know how to express how pissed I am, especially if it was a hate crime. I hope I don't sound patronizing. I'm not trying to- I'm just so fucking angry. I have anger problems to begin with so this isn't good for me at all haha. It is so fucking humiliating for me- and many others, but I don't want to make generalizing statements- to express fear and anger over something so intensely personal as your hope to one day have a procedure like this done. I don't know how activists do it all the time. (It's also humiliating to say you feel like you can't empty your bladder anywhere but your own fucking house, but I digress). But even if this was a hate crime, it can't spread hate back to me. Because I already am full of hate. And I have been for a long time. 
Hey /r/Anger, this is my first post on here.  I just want to explain a situation I've frequently found myself in and what I'm trying to do about it.A few hours ago, I was playing Super Smash Bros. for 3DS with a friend, and I got so angry when I lost a match in a really silly way that I threw my 3DS (which I've done countless times before), and it just so happened to hit the screen on my Wii U GamePad, which was sitting right next to me.  When I turned on the GamePad, my fears had come true, and the screen was cracked.  Again.The reason I say "again" is that I'd already cracked the screen out of anger before.  I was playing online matches of Smash Bros. for Wii U and one match in particular made me so frustrated that I hit the GamePad screen with my controller just hard enough to crack it.  I had to pay $100 to repair it, and now I'll have to do it again, all because I lost control of my anger over a stupid video game.After this I decided I should just quit playing the game altogether.  I decided that I couldn't afford to keep breaking expensive things just because of Smash Bros., and that it would be better for my mental health if I stopped playing it.  The game was also starting to become not fun in the first place.My question to you guys is this: why is my instinctual reaction whenever something frustrating happens to me to throw whatever object is in my hand?  I've done this since I was young, and I don't know why I become furious so easily when I'm frustrated or why I resort to violent actions every time.  I don't want to end up hurting myself or other people, so is there reason why I do this, and is there any way I can stop doing it?
in the car on the way back to the house, my husband got so angry with me and kept shouting while i was driving. this was because i happened to have opened up to his sis-in-law when we were fighting and he thought that's inappropriate for me to open up to her because we all live in the same house. last thing i said was 'because i dont have friends' and he shouted 'yea u should get your own fucking friends' and i lost it and had to step on the brakes. he then stopped shouting while i comtinued driving then when we got home he decided to take the lid off the soda and pour it on my legs. he did this because some of the soda spilled on him when i hit the brakes hard.question is should i apologize? is it a normal reaction to slam on the brakes given the circumstances or am i someone that seems to be needing anger management?
Hey guys. I have some major explosive  anger issues with my little brother.He is the most defiant kid I've ever seen. He disobeys literally every order you give him if he doesn't want to do it and it is near impossible to reason with him. He's been to a psych and the psych actually told my parents that she wanted to change kids because she had never dealt with a kid as stubborn as my brother.As you might understand, trying to get him to do anything is a real undertaking. If he disagrees with you, he will NOT give in and will fight his side of the argument until you either storm off in rage or he wins. He's been diagnosed as having ODD (Oppositional Defiance Disorder)Now I think I have a little bit of this inside me too, the ODD, and his defiance doesn't sit well with me. He makes all these stupid decisions that Dont benefit him at all and actually put him at a disadvantage, all so he can disobey what he's been told. It doesn't make any sense!!Sometimes I'll blow up in anger and throw something near me at a wall, sometimes I'll yell at him at the top of my lungs, and sometimes I'll just storm off. Its like I get possessed and it comes out of nowhere. There's a buildup, but it isn't like im holding it all in. It just comes out like a volcano. I'm upset with myself and wish I had a way to stop myself from getting to that point. Any ideas?
I keep telling myself that I'm tough, but in reality I am so weak-minded. I don't have the courage to say what I want in a fear that it will create awkward tension which I also hate. I also have hard time rejecting favors when all I have to say is "no" and it really pisses me off.the biggest pet peeve for me is probably when someone touches my hair. I'm a guy and I don't want to be seen like a baby but an older girl just casually brushed my hair today and it made me so fucking angry and yet it was at a lunch so I didn't have the courage to ruin the lunch for everyone by yelling at her.I am kind of like hulk minus awesomeness. When someone really tips me over I no longer have boundaries for anything and I will do something that I will very much regret. As for today, I was afraid that if I opened my mouth about why she shouldn't touch my hair, I am pretty sure it would have made things awkward not only between me and her(which I dont really care about anyways), but everyone else related to us.I hate myself for being so weak-minded, yet at the same time if I do set myself lose, I can become a big asshole that everyone hates. It's a loss-loss situation and I just don't know how to find the balance in between so people feel comfortable around me but at the same time have boundaries that they should not cross such as physically touching me.
I've had anger problems for years. The first time I remember getting truly angry was when I was about 5. I was playing a game on my PlayStation. I lost. Over and over again I lost. So I took the game out and snapped it in half. It was a rented game, and my mom was not happy with me. I understand as I've gotten older that I just didn't understand the mechanics of the game. I was too young. It was some type of fighting game, and who understand complicated combos and whatnot at 5? I rented it because the case looked cool and my mom said it was ok for me to play. But since then I've struggled with my anger. Usually coming out when I play video games. Usually from some sense that I've been cheated by the game. And honestly, it's almost entirely from single player games, as I can understand in a multiplayer game that the other guy is just better. Granted, I'll get verbally angry in MP. But SP anger usually results in shattered controllers. Or cell phones. Or, in one case, a glass root beer bottle smashed into a flat screen computer monitor. One time I threw my controller in a certain way so it bounced off the wall and into my two week old TV, cracking the LCD screen. During the closed beta for The Division, through a stupid sequence of events, I managed to break my TV I had gotten on black Friday for a hella good price by throwing down my controller. And although 90 percent of my outbursts happen while gaming, occasionally they happen out in the world. I got into multiple fights in middle school. Nobody ever thought twice about it. I would get a quick punishment and then things would return to normal. My parents got called every time and never put my gaming anger and those fights together. I guess they and the faculty assumed it was pubescent hormones or whatever, even though I'd shown signs of violence as early as 4th grade when I kicked another boy in the nads during recess soccer after he accidentally ran into me. He was even on my team. Now that I'm 20 and have to act as an adult, my anger control has gotten better, but it's still not even close to being enough. I've almost been fired from my job for have screaming matches with 3 different managers. I honestly think it's worse now, as those rows were the result of bottling up my annoyance at my managers and then exploding when I have a bad day. I usually apologize, but being the fucking idiot I am, that is usually stupid awkward for me, so, you know what, "usually apologize" is wrong. I usually don't. I don't hold grudges. But I know they do. And I know an apology would fix it most times. But I don't offer one. And recently I've realized that I hate myself. I fucking hate myself. I'm a shitty person who acts shitty most of the time and I do shitty things. So recently my anger has been turned on myself. Although I guess it's not necessarily a recent development. Its just resurfaced. I used to cut myself in high school. Not because I was depressed. No, it was a self inflicted punishment for breaking things. When I'd get angry at a game and break a controller, that was 8 cuts with a sharp knife across my chest. Always on my chest, because I have a somewhat hairy chest, so no one ever noticed the cuts or the scars. You don't want to know how much I bled when I broke a phone one time. I honestly thought I was gonna have to tell someone when I became lightheaded. But I didn't. And now it's come back. I hit myself know. Any time I get stupid angry, I beat the shit out of my thighs. Because they don't bruise easily, and if they do no one will see it. Its better than what I was doing a few months ago, I guess. Remember how I broke my new TV during The Division beta? I hit my face. Hard. Again and again I slapped myself. And then I started punching myself. I looked like my friend after one of his MMA fights. I had to go to work the next day.  I just told everyone that I woke up like that. "It must have been the way I slept", I told them. "I passed out on the couch, and it's really rough. I must have just rubbed against it a lot."No one believed me. I could see it in their faces. I have no clue what conclusion they came to about the state of my face, but whatever it was, there's no way anyone would guess that is done it to myself. So now we're here. Tonight. Just last night I had a breakdown. I couldn't stop crying while I was finishing my shift as a delivery driver. I had customers asking if I was ok. One guy even offered to make some tea and talk. I just said thank you, but I'm good. And then left. No one at the store said anything except one of the other drivers who I'm friends with outside of work. I waved him off as well. When I got home I asked my mom to ride around with me for a few minutes. I told her about what had happened. We talked for a while about what could be causing it. We talked about me seeing someone again. We had talked about it the day I beat my own face in. She had found a local guy online and gave me his info. For some reason I had a crippling inability to initiate with this guy, so I never got help. Last night, after we got back from our little drive, I lied to her about telling my stoner friend to fuck off. I've been on a weed bender for the last two months, and after being sober for a couple of days I decided to stay sober for at least a while. She knows about all of that. I didn't tell him to fuck off though. I just told him I was done smoking for a while, and when he continued to text me about buying some with him I just ignored him. (How was my lie any better than the truth? I've struggled with pathological lying my whole life as well, but that's a whole other bag of potatoes.)So she went inside and I started to walk back to my car to move out from behind her car, as she had work yesterday and I was off. And I started thinking about how I'd just lied to her about something so stupid. And I broke down again. I slapped myself a few times and then hit myself in my back with my keys, like some form of self-flagellation. Then I fell into the foetal position and started bawling again. She heard me and came outside. After she managed to stand me up, I admitted my lie. We talked some more. Tried to reason through why I was feeling that way. And she said that She was going to find someone for me, even though I had just gotten done telling her that I didn't want that. That I'm tired of relying on her for shit I should be able to get done myself. And I'm so glad she is. I need help. But I don't think subreddit is the answer. I can't put my finger on the exact reason I feel this way. I read the posts and the replies, and I don't feel like any of it is really helping anyone. If you truly have an anger problem, you need real help. If you can't afford a therapist, check for anger support groups in your area. They are 9 times outta 10 organized and let by a licensed therapist. I checked around for one a while back, but I live in a county of 60, 000, with the closest metroplex over an hour away. So no groups close enough for me. But the ones down in the city all seemed really good. Like I said, I found a couple dozen, and only 3 out of the 24 or 25 weren't led by some kind of licensed therapist. So check out any in your area. I'm not saying this place is inherently bad. I just feel like it's not the best way to try and get advice. Shit, this was so cathartic to write. 
I used to be extremely patient, I thought that everyone was a good person and that the "bad" people were just hurt and suffering so I was always extremely patient with them and would accept their abuse and torment passively. That came to an end around the time when I was 15 yrs old. I ended up having to move schools because I had put up with so much b.s that I literally felt like if I took anymore punishment I would do something i'd regret (not gonna specify) .  So anyways, I removed myself from that enviornment and I immedietly went into a deep depression due to the regret of not doing anything in retaliation to all of the abuse I took (first time ever experiencing true depression) .. after the depression subsided I was different, I started taking everything personally, things that normal people wouldn't really care about I would literally go into fight or flight mode and would be burning inside wanting to fight. It was extremely difficult to deal with, but now here I am 6 years later and I'm used to it.. I know anger is bad, yet I am not able to turn that hostility off when people anger me. For example, I asked a guy next to me in class to stop clicking his pen so much because it distracts me from focussing , and in return he has been doing it 10x as much. I haven't said anything to him, but I sit right next to him and every time he clicks his pen unnecessarily I immedietly switch into fight or flight mode, my heart is POUNDING through my chest and all I can think about it just standing up and clocking him in the side of the head.  I am very good at hiding my emotions though so I doubt he knows how pissed I am inside.I guess my story is, I used to be extremely patient, zen, and peaceful but then something changed in me, my brain changed, and now I can't handle anger. Is anyone else like this? Or have the majority of you always struggled with anger control. I'd love to hear your stories.
I am an outcast everywhere..even on this board about anger. It seems nobody can relate to me. Even my own mother doesn't want to talk to me. It's so frustrating that I've started punching myself. Warning:pity partyLast night, my mother proceeds to interrogate me about what I've done to improve myself. This is a new trend. She does this in a cold manner and then when I try to hash out what I've discovered about what's making me angry, I go back to the past and she thinks there is no relevance to it. Now she's angry. It's a damn cycle here. When I was a child, she was angry and cold, therefore I believe it made me angry and cold and now she's angry and cold because I'm bringing up the past. She just thinks I'm making excuses. I'm so tired of her saying that. Whenever I explain the reasoning for why I do things, I'm only "Making excuses". She doesn't know why I can't just move forward and just be happy. Yeah, I did that with prozac and eventually that stops working and we're back to square one with unresolved issues.  So last night, I told her I probably have ADD. It seems to fit in with a lot of problems I have. I never felt normal and life was always hectic. For some reason, she thinks I'm using this self diagnosis as a reason to not have a job. I am so sick and tired of her always saYing that I'm not trying to work. It pisses me off! I wish I had am job! I wish I didn't have to continue to put myself out there, knowing it is pointless. I am tired of being home all day. I am tired of being broke. I am tired of the same old shit...I've been trying to find new routines, then that gets boring and I'm back to square one. I love my children, but we don't have quality time..it's quantity time. I would like to date again, but I have nothing to offer to a relationship. It's fucking lonely and now my mom is avoiding me and very angry with me. I know I don't make sense, it's all rambling... Anyways, thanks for listening.
First off I have Aspergers so it is difficult for me to handle social situations, but my mom keeps making me look like the crazy one and I want to fix that. So my mom asked me to go out and get food and I told her I didn't want any so I would just get hers. She insisted that I still get mine even if I was going to eat it later, but I didn't. The reason was I feel sick lately and looking at the disgusting preparation just enforced my decision. I come home and immediately she starts hounding me over the fact that I only got hers. After telling her multiple times that I just don't want it tonight, she insists that I am just bullshitting and that there is a deeper meaning to my anger. She starts saying stuff like "Something is wrong with you" "What is your problem?" "I **KNOW** that isn't the real problem, I just **KNOW** it!!!!!!" At this point I tell her to just leave me alone and I start walking away but she follows me and then I just freak out, start knocking things over etc and she continues to tell me there is something wrong with me which just keeps fueling my anger. I really can't understand why she absolutely must know why I am mad and why she can't just leave me the fuck alone so I can think and calm down. Some of the reasons are highly confidential, so she is interrogating me for absolutely nothing.
Today I was trying to talk to my bro while he was watching tv. I can tell he's wasn't listening to me. So I tap him like hello I'm talking to him. He just look and went back to watching tv. The only reason I want talk to him because he just seems depress all day and really doesn't care about anything. I mean want him know I care him. But someone he just snapped and start yelling leave me the fuck alone. Then this when I just black out and start hitting him. I really don't remember throwing the first hit but he has marks to show and I bite him. When I came back to he was on top of me just holding me down. I can find it weird that he didn't knock me out. Knowing he really has a anger problem. But this my first time ever getting physical with someone and I never wish hit anyone or him again. He even told he just wants knock me the fuck out. But he just went to him room and went to sleep. How can I show I'm sorry. 
I wish I could be a normal human being. My children are going to lead horrible lives because of me. They throw temper tantrums when they don't get their way and my daughter is pushing my buttons to make me feel upset. I was trying to keep things under wraps, but my Mom wanted to know what was wrong. I told her I wasn't going to to alk about it because she usually turns it around on me. Well, somehow she got me talking and I told her I was depressed for not finding a job yet..I told her how my daughter manipulated me and how my son messes everything up and how I have no identity, etc. Well, my mom tells me she doesn't know what to say. She has no sympathy for me because she's upset that I'm in the same position I was 2.5 years ago. I'm now upset because I didn't want to hash it out with her in the first place. The thing is, both of my parents didn't ever have much sympathy for me when I was growing up. They used to hand out so much emotional abuse, that I had to walk on eggshells. Then, when I cried about it, they told me to stop feeling sorry for myself. I had to stifle my emotions and I believe that's why I'm so full of rage. My mom has no problem telling me that my kids are angry because of me, but when I tell her I'm angry because of she and my father, she tells me I'm not taking responsibility for my behavior. I'm trying to get to the root of it and she won't even admit to it. I'm tired of her thinking I'm not trying hard enough to get a job. This is not the life I want to live! There's more to express, bit I can't keep it all straight. Sometimes I wish to find foster parents for my children so they have a chance at a normal life so they don't end up like me.
Hi guys. I need help. I'm a 16 y.o teenager, I live a pretty good life, loving mother, a lot friends, got an ok car and everything. But I have terrible tantrums. I just kind of go off and feel the need to destroy something, and it happens more than it should. I just had one of the worst one so far and I must admit it was because of a stupid reason. I don't really want to get into the actual trigger, but it had something to do with my mom accidentally ruining something valuable. I threw a terrible tantrum, and broke a table and nearly tore down a door. I was not really mad at her, more that I was mad at myself for letting it happen. I realized how far it went when my mom started crying. I feel like a terrible person, and I want to get this aspect away from my life. I'm all my mom has after my dad passed away, and I don't want to torture her like this. I am willing to go to a therapist if that's what it takes, but where are some insight you guys can give me? Thanks a lot for the responses.
Well a few days ago I posted about a work scenario and how I flipped out on my co-worker. I had a gut feeling things weren't going to turn out exactly okay, and as I suspected I go to work today and see my manager waiting for me at my register. I told I'm terminated and my boss has the audacity (imo) to say he's sorry he had to fire me during my family's death and that he'd be stopping by to the funeral.I took it calmly at the time, more so because I was shocked and driving home I was confused. I felt like my world turned upside down. I was able to handle the death, barely and now I'm given this pile of crap. I just got my check a few days ago and already I'm less than $100 in my account. It's been 3 hours and now I'm becoming furious and agitated with the situation. If my boss had only listened to my complaints in the past, it would have never escalated to this. How is it that that sleaze piece of shit guy exceeded chain of command just to get me fired. He's a piece of shit whom I hope gets punished. I'm so upset at the situation, my anger is turning into possible revenge schemes. I know they'll do no good and the last thing I need is more ways to tarnish my reputation. I normally confide these tough times with my boyfriend, but with the loss of his grandmother and the fact he works there too, he's in a rough spot. He's furious as well and is planning schemes to get that piece of shit guy to punch him so he can punch back. I've got an hour before the rosary and I can't calm myself down. This shit is unbelievable. 
I'm 18, at college, studying Maths, History and Politics. On the surface I seem like the generic laid back, relaxed and uncaring teenager. But I'm angry, angry on the inside. I thought I knew what I was angry about, relationships, friendships, college, but I'm not. It's not the normal explosive anger either. It's the type that lingers, clings to me and seeps, seeps into everything I do; to the point that I can feel perfectly normal, be washing the dishes or something, and suddenly I squeeze a glass so hard it shatters. The anger just stays there. I had anger management as a child and none of that helps anymore, it just makes me angrier. I've gotten to the point that I enjoy taking 2 hour long baths because they make me so light headed and hot I forget about the anger, but as soon as I step out I get angry again. I'm slowly starting to despise, hate and reject everyone and everything around me. Please help. I don't even know anymore. 
I feel like work is impossible because of how angry the customers make me. Its like they're either passive aggressive or full aggressive and it seems like I only encounter a handful of nice people a work day. It just seems to escalate the more I'm there and I can't escape it. I resorted to running in the freezer and punching the shit out of the boxes of cheese until my knuckles get sore or until I legitimately feel like I may have broken a bone. Recently I got so uncontrollably angry that when this...really...fucking annoying family came in with their kids. This kids laughter was so...I can't even really describe just how repetitive and obnoxious this kids laugh was, that it just set me off the edge.((Don't worry. I have no intention of having a child.)) Punching boxes wasn't doing shit, we're in a massive rush full of assholes and more assholes and more annoying children that I ran to the back, pulled off my hat, and bashed my head into the boxes as hard as I could. My eye went numb and honestly, I couldn't talk right for about a minute or two. Just slurred a bit. But god, my anger was gone. But when I came to, I got angry again, and I bashed my head again, and I went numb again until the lobby cleared out. And I finally could go outside and smoke it all away.I feel kind of trapped. I HAVE to work, but I can't really think of any job that would require me to not work with people. It scares my family when I tell them how angry I get and honestly? I'm scared too. When will it become to much to keep from people? When am I going to get so angry I fuck myself?It gets harder and harder every day. 
Dear Reddit, I really have nowhere else to turn to with this, since everyone I bounce it off of has no idea what to do or how to respond. Five rounds of mental health therapy over the past 15 years haven't provided much in the way of assistance either. The meds keep me from jumping in front of a bus; that's about it. I am perpetually angry at myself. It is exhausting having to blame myself for my failures and shortcomings. But, it really is the only logical thing to do, since I made the decisions that got me to where I'm at. There's no reason I should blame others if I F something up or make a really bad choice. I own it. It's my fault. Some say I should forgive myself. I do not know how. I also don't see what good it will do. In my mind, forgiveness equates to "tolerance"; as in, it's ok that I've completely wrecked my life. And I refuse to entertain that idea. I'm supposed to be learning from my mistakes. But when the mistakes cost me everything I have, how am I supposed to continue on and just "shake it off"? What scares me, is that it might be intentional. Like, I'm intentionally ruining my life so I can stay miserable. I've been told twice in my life now that "I'm the only person that someone knows whose happier, when they're miserable". The mistakes I've made are so egregious that I've lost all my savings 3 times; and not because of poor investment decisions. It's all been because of job related issues. It's all been cash savings that took me years to get and only months to lose after getting fired for making too many mistakes or from rage quitting a job because I kept getting passed over for promotions. I spent it all on rent and bills, you see. I'm 33 years old and I own nothing except a boatload of debt, some hand-me-down furniture from various decades of department store home decor, and 2 worthless, rusted out cars that I can't afford to fix up. The other part of me that I'm angry at is the amount of time and effort I've spent trying to educate myself. I tried to make something of myself, thinking that maybe I'd be less angry if I could just get a taste of success. Well....It took me 9 years to get my 4-year bachelor degree in Microbiology. I had to work full-time and go to school part to 3/4 time to pay rent, food, bills and debt from my first career. For 2 years, I was a full-time student when I was in community college; while working full-time in an auto shop. That's no BS either; happy to furnish proof, if you need it. It was the only way I could finish college since I wasn't eligible for any scholarships worth more than $500 a year (PER YEAR) and my parents were unwilling to contribute any funds to help out. Not that they couldn't; but they told me I would appreciate it more if I funded it myself. So now I have $71,649.71 in federal loans, alone. That doesn't count my private loans and credit cards. College was the hardest thing I ever did in my life. I finished, barely. I had to repeat 2 semesters because I kept flunking my classes. I blame myself for that too. I didn't have a lot of time to study, working full-time and being forced to be on-campus 3-5 hours a day. I also have severe ADHD, a depression disorder, and some kind of personality disorder that I couldn't afford to treat while in college. There's probably a learning disorder somewhere in there too; hence all the mistakes. My point is: I got the 4-year degree. I now have 4 years of experience in "bioscience" if you will. And the only jobs available to me are things that a high-school student could do. The pay is awful, my commute is untenable, and everyday is a struggle to not up and quit. And I can't quit because I have no savings left to live on. I'd be homeless in a month without the job I currently have. I've been trying to find a job related to my major since the summer of 2014; which was just before I finished. Here we are in April 2016 and the only jobs I can find are routine "lab-bitch" jobs that are 40 miles from my apartment that have absolutely no upward mobility and little to no relation to anything I studied so hard for. My goal was (and still is) a job in scientific research, studying the genetic mechanisms of antibiotic resistance in prokaryotes or working on a vaccine for TB or maybe working with soil microbes; 16S rRNA, microbial ecology sorts of things. I've applied to more jobs than I can count in the last 20 months or so. I honestly don't even know how many apps I've filled out. It might be in the hundreds by now. I have 7 different versions of my resume. I've had 10 interviews in that time and no job offer. I'm so tired. And angry. Tired of being angry too. Obviously, I'm doing something wrong. I request feedback from every interview. All I get is silence. No response at all. I follow-up with every app I submit. Again, few if any responses. I've tried to talk with people in the research fields that I'm interested in. The networking I've done has had one irrefutable constant among all of the people in research that I've spoken to: "If you want to do research, you have to go to graduate school. That's where they REALLY teach you how to critically think". It takes a lot for me to not blow up on them and scream my life story and debt load as loud as I can in their face when they tell me, that in order to achieve my goal, I have to spend ANOTHER 5 years learning useless crap that isn't relevant to my career goal or anything else for that matter. I realize that grad school is fellowship based for bio students, but again, the pay is nil and the effort is off the charts. And as far as I know, they don't distribute jobs to new PhDs at the graduation ceremony. Plus, the youngest I'd be when I finally get the freakin PhD is 39!! What the hell am I going to discover in less than 20 years of practice? I'm clearly no genius and there's little chance of me actually accomplishing anything worthy of remembrance or significance in my post-grad. Best I'd be able to do is leach off some prodigy. Oh yay!! Besides, I already tried the GRE once. Flunked it. I'm in the zero-ith percentile for quantitative and 12th for verbal. I didn't bother looking at my essay scores. What a waste of money. And yes, I studied for it for a month. No, I don't have any motivation to re-take. I'm far too pissed off and depressed to focus on anything for longer than 5 minutes. Hell, it took me 5 hours to write all this BS! (and THAT's what ADHD is.) Anyway, that's my spiel. No way forward. No way out. My goal is now likely to be just a dream because of the way I am. I can't be a fighter pilot either, but then again that's kind of an exclusive club. Science is supposed to include everyone. At least that's what I thought. And there ya go! Another mistake. :) Cheers. 
I have always been a pretty angry guy, I used to throw stuff around when I was in my teens but I grew out of it and put it down to immaturity. But I have realised lately that it never went away I just deal with it differently. And I'm not entirely sure the new way is much better.For instance today I couldn't get a process to close on my PC and I flipped out in my own little way. I gritted my teeth and screamed horrible guttural profanities through them at a completely inanimate object. I felt the pressure build up in my head and then another surge of pressure and I fell out of my seat and onto the floor.It's now that I realise what I thought were healthy ways everybody deals with anger, I take to an extreme where they're no longer healthy. For instance, gritting my teeth. I grit my teeth when I'm angry, lots of people do. But I get so angry so often I now have many chips in my teeth. I have gritted my teeth so hard over everything and anything that I have actually broken maybe 5 of them. The ones that aren't chipped are worn down. Screaming into a pillow, lots of people do that right? So do I but when I do it I scream until I have the taste of blood in my throat and tear the pillow fabric apart with my teeth. I feel like I am implementing ways that normal people deal with anger but my anger still overflows. I have OCD and wonder if that keeps me constantly on the edge between frustrated and angry. I don't know what will help me other than stopping feeling anger and I'm not sure how to do that.
I'm new to this subreddit, so this is my first time posting but I think this is the right place for me to share my story. I apologize if this becomes a rant. Well I'll say this before hand I'm an easily emotional person and very quick to lose my temper. Today I lost my cool with a co-worker whom both my coworkers and I have been struggling with. I work at an airport at what is essentially a toll booth for a parking service. It's a good distance walk away from any restrooms, shops, restaurants. Today I flipped off my coworker calling him a fucking idiot piece of shit. He had been gone from his post for nearly two hours and in order for anyone to use the restroom there must always be a person attending the paybooths. The only people working was my coworker and I. Well along with our cashier duties we are given a task to take inventory of the cars parked in the lot, which on average takes 45 minutes. My coworker leaves to take inventory and I'm left to attend the register and take care of customers leaving from incoming flights. Time passes by and what should be 40 min. Becomes nearly 2 hours. I'm pissing my pants, in need of sanitary napkins as mother nature is ever so kind to visit me at this unforgiving moment. While normally my coworkers have cell phones, this particular employee does not. And has been working at this job for a year without one. I can't explain how frustrating this is for both me and other coworkers. There is absolutely no way to communicate with this grown ass man who does nothing but find excuses to leave his post to walk inside and talk with other airport employees and most frustrating his police buddies. This guy is a piece of work who is either never around or always using the work phone for his personal calls. At many times of my work shift I have to receive calls from his multiple girlfriends who ask for him. I've addressed this to my employer my boss multiple times in person, as leaving notes does nothing. Nearly everyone else has the same complaints working with this guy, yet for some reason never have the balls to say anything up front. Well today I had it. I had been waiting ever so long. I literally was shaking as I handed out customer's change and crossing my legs in attempt not to stain or piss myself. As I know my boss has done absolutely nothing to address the situation I decided I'd confront him, but immediately lost my cool. What started out as "Where were you all this time" quickly escalated to "You need to get a damn phone this is ridiculous". My coworker of course closed his booth door on me, repeating the infuriating words, "I don't care". I of course got pissed and flipped him off as I left for the bathroom and cussed him out. Well now I'm apparently in deep trouble as he decided to call corporate and somehow had the number to the regional manager and directly called him. I hate to admit I am worried as I know I messed up bad, but I can't explain how furious I am that it took me an entire year to break and I'm being punished for what should have been his behavior. This guy constantly decides to do what he wants and the rest of us are held to such high standards and somehow he is allowed to talk all day and night with his friends and leave whenever he feels without reppurcussion. The traffic we get is constant and on average I work 10 hr shifts and go to school full time. Today my boyfriend's grandmother died and though I wasn't too close to her, I still felt remorse and grievance for my love who took it hard. I guess everything kinda weighed on me and I snapped pretty bad, but this is my usual response when things get too heavy. I hate to admit I have an anger problem, but I do. When I lose my cool my instant response is to yell and curse. I know I get it from my mother who literally was psychotic and on meds for quite some time. I've been trying to find better outlets but I haven't found one I can use when in those immediate situations. I normally just burst without even thinking about my words or the consequences. I don't think I'm cut out for retail or service jobs anymore. I'm only 21 and barely finishing the first two years of college, I'm not sure what to do in these situations. 
Ok, look. I don't know if I've got anger management issues or a short temper or whatever but when I get annoyed I get FREAKING PISSED OFF like I am RIGHT NOW. It's usually over stupid shit like losing in a fucking game or someone making some noise over and over again and won't stop when I ask them to. I get so heated and I don't know how to keep myself from flipping out. I rarely act on my anger in public and instead just keep it inside for the most part until I forget about it. I'm also constantly stressed because even though I have high grades I always worry about them not being high enough for me to achieve the things that I want to achieve in life (which, by the way, I don't even know wtf those things are yet). I listen to rock music and I sometimes play guitar/sing when I'm alone to release some of my anger in a nonviolent way.Still, in the heat of the moment when I am angry, I can't keep myself from grabbing the closest thing to me and beating the fucking shit out of it, whether it be a piece of trash or an expensive device. I'm also relatively shy in public even though I am a part of some clubs. I am generally cool and collected on the surface in public even when I am pissed.Sometimes I get angry for reasons that are even dumber than annoying sounds or shit like that; if I think of something that I, in my way of thinking, deem a violation of justice being served I will begin to fume with anger. This type of injustice may or may not go against what the majority of society's opinion is. I guess I've become a sort of an elitist, especially when it comes to music I like, because if I for some reason decide that a person is not worthy of the music that I listen to I will become extremely short with that person.I get headaches at least once every few months in varying degrees of severity (I used to get them far more when I was younger but some operation changed that or something, I was too young to understand what was really going on) and my anger obviously does not help with those. Also, when I am angry I sometimes start hyperventilating, especially when I am very angry. In those instances, I occasionally start crying and feel like I've reached my breaking point, that I really do have anger management issues and that I'm broken. When I am that affected emotionally, it takes me a long time to recover. Usually I just end up crying myself to sleep while screaming into a pillow.As I'm becoming older I realize that if I don't do something to deal with this anger it will begin to truly affect my life in major ways. So that is why I am here. I need some help dealing with this shit. I can't take it anymore. I just cannot take it anymore. I don't have access to a doctor right now and I'd prefer not to have to take meds to deal with this problem. I'm not depressed or anything (at least not in any way that isn't normal), just angry...This was a long rant. Yeah, whatever. I just need some advice.TL;DR I AM FUCKING PISSED ALL THE TIME AND I WANT SOMEONE TO TELL ME HOW TO DEAL WITH MY ANGER
New poster really, I think I've posted once before. Anyway, I'm in the UK and am having issues with a neighbour. Noise issues to be more specific. He's got the largest exhaust on a 20+ year old banger you've ever seen, seriously the thing is fucking huge and makes so much noise when he starts the fucking thing and drives off. Now I wouldn't give a shit if he did this normal time of day, the problem is he does it between 5 and 6.30 every fucking morning. My family (3 young children, one only 9 months old) are constantly woken up by him, are tired all day and can't concentrate as they should, which is especially a problem as my son has his year 2 SATS coming up. Anyway, we've tried the usual council route, who up until yesterday had been a bag of shite. The police were absolutely no help whatsoever, I may aswell have talked to a flaming bag of dog shit. The council have FINALLY agreed to put sound monitoring equipment in to prove that it is a statutory nuisance, but this has been going on since last August. Obviously the story is a bit deeper but I'm not gonna sit here and write more of an essay than I already have. The problem now is I've started to seek professional help to curb my anger, as I would just love to go over there, kill the fucker and burn his car, and house down to the ground with his scum family in it. The issue with that isn't killing him, as he's pushing 50 and a fucking weasel and I'm not the smallest bloke in the world, the obvious issue is jail time. Every time I hear that fucking car start my heart starts beating heavier and I have to stop myself from going out there and killing him, but it's getting harder and harder to stop myself now. I've not heard back from the people that I was referred to, so I need some help from elsewhere until they actually pull their fingers out. Please, just any advice will be taken on board. Thanks, and sorry for the long post.
It may seem silly but let me give a bit of info how i normally cope and do it well.I do a fighting style called Krav Maga, its agressive, ruthless and it allows me to channel my anger and temper into a style which moderates it. I also work out a few times  a week at the gym.Well im really angry because an old family friend i have known since i was 5 is dying and hes leaving behind two young sons and a wife who was struggling on somedays before he got sick. the end is near and all i want to do is lash out, im holding back because at 6'2 i could do serious damage.But is it normal to get angry over someone who basically is an surrogate uncle quickly getting sick and dying? I just want to do SOMETHING but i cant
I like to watch/read the news. It keeps me informed of what's going on, and (if I'm picking the right news sources) it allows me to expand my horizons on issues.However, I don't like to watch/read the news because a good portion the news worthy of making front page is bad stuff.If it's just general bad stuff like a natural disaster, then it's easy to move on. It's stories about injustice, unfairness, exploitation, etc that get to me.It's considered okay to get angry for the sake of those victims, is it? Righteous anger or whatever it's called. But, I often find myself going a step further. My body starts going into fight-or-flight mode, and my imagination gets... Vivid.It's especially bad if I'm reading the worldnews subreddit comments. Reddit has a reputation of being an echo chamber in some circles, and it definitely is for me in this case. I read the comments, agree with the ones that I agree with, roll my eyes at the ones I think are stupid, react to more clarifications on the situation...Suddenly, in my mind, I just realized that I've been playing in my head something a la Rorschach in my head over and over again. It's very easy for me to lapse into these vigilante fantasies, as I imagine myself swooping in to champion the oppressed and smite the oppressor and the evildoer until they're nothing more than a smear on the walls, the floor, the ceiling...Example: I've been following the Panama Papers news ever since it first came out, and... Let's say that if I let myself totally loose, there would be at least one less corrupt corporate executive in this world.How do I deal with these thoughts?
Hello, /r/Anger. I'm conducting initial market research, and I'm looking for people to take an anonymous, 8-question survey (which should only take a couple minutes to fill out)! This is especially geared for IF YOU STRUGGLE WITH STRESS, DEPRESSION, ANXIETY, OR ANGER MANAGEMENT.https://www.surveymonkey.com/r/QF2RYW8Thank you in advance for your responses.
Hey guys. Long time lurker. First time poster. I found this sub in desperation. Forgive any formatting errors I am mobile.  I 26f have had anger issues for most of my life. Adolescence I had no issues. I was a very well balanced girl. I got picked on quite a bit and became very introverted once I reached about the age of 10. Some background history before I jump into my own issues. My father has some anger issues. Let me preface by saying he has never been abusive or manipulative to anyone. He just gets bothered and needs to be alone. Regardless he gets flustered when driving and gets frustrated. Basically he loses patience easily and gets frustrated. Mostly having to do with events that don't turn out as planned or something goes awry. During these moments my mom gets fed up and basically tells him to fuck off and leaves him alone. Which he does. He'll go outside and workout or do yard work. He has been like this since before I can remember. For myself as I stated I had no anger issues as a child. It seems once I went through puberty it became more of an issue. I would get frustrated when I felt like I was being victimized in some way. I began isolating myself from my peers. I wanted no interaction because I didn't like them. I had grown up with these people and felt they were assholes. I had cousins who were either in their late teens or early twenties. Their idea of joking tended to be on the harsher side and I was often times the butt of the joke. Low self esteem lead to me resenting them and I began mouthing back when the frustration from the nagging was too much. Eventually I was labeled as mean. At the time I really just fed up and felt I was sticking up for myself. I'd get frustrated and argue or use my stature to my advantage and intimidate those who were involved in this frustration. At one point when I was about 16 or 17 I fought my dad. It was a moment when we were both going back and forth and eventually my rage just propelled me forward. I don't remember exactly what happened. It was like auto pilot. He never hit me during the altercation. It was just me threatening or throwing things. I regret it to this day. I wish I had just stayed in bed and not confronted him. It changed our relationship. He still loves me and I love him but he is wary when im in a mood or he directs his frustration towards me. The rage never went away. I never learned to manage it. It can be dormant and I can be happy. But when things go wrong and I can't control the situation it surfaces. I know to avoid physical violence and tend to stop myself there. I know its a control issue. I just don't know how to deal with it. My issue is this. It's beginning to affect my relationship. I have a loving caring boyfriend. When my anger surfaces he tends to get caught up. I can't pay a bill well I guess I'll pick an argument that will escalate to personal attacks. I am aware of it. But again the anger dictates it. He knows how I bottle things up so he likes to talk things out. But i cant be talked down from that peak. I know i have communication problems. I don't know how to convey my issues or feelings. In turn I end up frustrated and it repeats. Another argument. I have even hit him. Alcohol removed that block that says not to escalate anything. The control over that level of violence is gone. I regret this every moment of my life. I can't live with it. He forgives me and we work on it. But still I really hate myself for it. I even contemplated suicide. I never thought I'd be this person. I don't want to be. I don't want to hurt the love of my life. I even felt leaving him would help. Just to give him a life without me. Because you just don't do this. My question is this. I want help. I want to see a therapist. I just don't know how to go about it. Can a therapist even help me? I just want to know how do I approach getting help? What do I ask? 
The other day while riding public transportation, I was my usual dick self about some guy reclining his seat all the way back, leaving me very little space. I mouthed off -- as usual. We got into a verbal altercation -- as usual. About a minute later, I did something about it. I got up, went around to his aisle and tapped him on the shoulder. He looked up and I could see he was scared. I said, "I apologize. I have some sort of issue controlling my anger and took it out on you." Then I stuck my hand out and he took it. We shook on it and then I went back to my seat.Since then, I've thought a lot more about heading off the anger before it comes out of my mouth. I've done my best since that incident to cover the boiling emotions before they overflow and cause a problem. I can't say that I've not felt angry, but I haven't demonstrated it. It's not much, but it's something.
Four years ago, my fianc's mother was in an accident. The driver of the vehicle was drunk and got into an accident that ejected my fianc's mother resulting in her death from massive trauma to the head. Today, that man was acquitted in court and I am very, very angry. The case seems so clear, yet he'll now go free. I can't even think straight right now and could use some advice on how to cope with this (any advice on how to console my fianc would be greatly appreciated, as well).
My neighbor once told me a story about this one lady that opened up her into his car.  He was sitting in the car and called her out on it.  Apparently she got angry because he was mad about what happened.  What is it with these people?  Why is it that when they screw up and get called out, they get mad too?And it's not just if you get mad either.  You can politely tell them to watch out and yet this triggers a nasty response or sick-looking-IDGAF-smile like it's not their problem.
I always thought that angry people have consistencies and get angry at things significant and insignificant.In my previous relationship, I was angry a lot.  Angry that she couldn't discuss feelings, angry at things she did that I considered inconsiderate.  Blah blah typical relationship anger.  I would start exploding towards the end.  This isn't an isolated incident though, because I would also explode on other relationships.What's weird though, is that I'm completely even-keeled in all other aspects of life.  I don't rage at drivers on the road, I don't get angry at work, and I never get angry at friends or casual girls I'm dating.  I've very rarely been angry at anyone besides someone I loved in a romantic way.Is this a common phenomenon and is there any insight into people like that?
I have been with my boyfriend for over a year and a half now. He gets very angry over little things that shouldn't effect him the way that they do. He will yell for a very long time and practically lose his mind over very small things. Examples: He had difficulty replacing the batteries in his TVs 3D glassesHis toilet cloggedHe spilled mop water on the floorHe slightly overcooked cookiesMy brother was far worse with the fits of anger than he, so I am good at just keeping my mouth shut and waiting for him to calm down. The other night he thought his Xbox one was broken and he kept getting the same error. He was on the brink of another mental break down and I could see the stress. I told him to show me the error while I checked what it meant on the website and I figured out what he needed to do and that he shouldn't go that long without restarting the Xbox as opposed to leaving it in sleep mode for months on end. He calmed down pretty quickly and thanked me and we had a nice night. Are there any tips and tricks to help manage his anger through my own actions? I know most of it is internal and for anything to be truly solved, he will have to work on it, but he has no time between school and work he doesn't have much time. Emotionally I can handle being in an angry environment, growing up with alcoholics for parents and a drugged out brother, but I worry about his health and want to make certain things easier.
This happened about 2 years ago and I'm still pissed off.  I can't get it off my mind.  I want justice to be served.  FYI nothing illegal happened, just a shitty event.One night I was in the In-N-Out Burger drive thru and traffic was scrambled a bit and backed up in the lot (2 lines connecting to 1). I was behind 2 cars, me being the 3rd car.  One turned left to get to the line and the other went down another aisle and ended up coming in straight to the line.  I go left behind the 1st car.  Now, I didn't know the 2nd car was coming back, so the lead car was let in by the 2nd car, which made sense.  No problem. I have no idea where the bitch, (4th car) that cut in front of me came from, but she was never in front of me.  She probably came in from another entrance somewhere but should have gone behind me and then the guys behind me could have merged in, one by one, or every other car. This dumb bitch waves for me to go behind her and smirks at me.  I knew right then that I was supposed to be in front of her based on my observations of how the line went, so I objected and told her that she belonged behind me (windows were up, just motioning the whole time).  She started getting all agitated and rolled her eyes, shaking her head, like I was the idiot.  At one point it almost looked like she was crying (probably fake)I get pissed off and we basically try to fight for the space, and of course, she wins because I was coming in from the left side.  She was going straight, so I would've been at fault if I hit her car.  I was so pissed, I wanted to destroy her car so bad by kicking it with all my might.  Every time I had room to try and get in front of her, she flies forward and almost hits the car I'm supposed to be behind and then gives me another dirty look.  My heart is racing, because I'm pissed and a bit scared, like a huge adrenaline rush, but I can't legally do anything about it.  I knew that if I did anything violent, I'd go to jail.  This continues a couple more times, until I'm stuck behind her.  As she goes to order, she keeps looking at me in her side mirrors.  This was at night, so she probably couldn't see me very well with my headlights on, but man, I was so pissed off.  Finally she gets her 2000 calories worth of food and takes off.  Luckily, I got out of there not too long after she did, like within 30 seconds and could've chased her down and caught her to give her a piece of my mind.  I almost did, but it was raining and I wasn't going to get myself or someone else killed in an accident.  I really wish I did go after her. Anyways, I just wanted to share this story because people like her absolutely drive me insane and makes me want to disintegrate all of them.  How do you feel about my story?  Any ideas on how to let it go/deal with future events like these where people refuse to realize they're stupid?
Last night was a single chapter in a book of my inability to control my emotions, particularly my anger response.  I am undiagnosed/self-diagnosed ADHD, or something close to it.  As well, I have dealt with continuous and perhaps permanent depression since I was 3 years old (I am currently 29M).  At some point, I recognized symptoms that appear compatible with a PTSD diagnosis to boot, almost certainly from a tumultuous, traumatizing, and near-poverty affected childhood.Depression, I thought, was by far my most debilitating disease.  It has altered my understanding of self-worth, and it permeates in every thought and action.  The link between a possible ADHD diagnosis, the fallout from dealing with Depression my entire life, and my anger is obvious, at least I thought it was.  I self-treated, applying what I could parse out regarding Cognitive Behavioral and Dialectal Behavior therapies, and it is increasingly becoming my belief that I've done all I can do without help.---I can't say I wasn't aware, but three years ago, two years into my current relationship, I punched a wall during an argument.  I didn't know the wall was filled with concrete and shattered my hand.  More than just the act of shattering my hand, I realized the gravity of the idea that it takes me shattering my hand to realize I had let the problem grow beyond my ability to manage it.  I hadn't crossed a line like that since I was a teenager.  And I was proud of my girlfriend for standing up and saying she had had enough - I needed to make real and substantive changes *fast* or she was done.  I made some changes, learned to try and disarm my anger by talking out my feelings in very pseudo-therapy terms.  It worked, for a time.  But I fell into the false security that I was making progress, and feel like my progress has again peaked.  I've regressed because I haven't reached any "destination" of being anger-less, I just was making progress and then got lazy.---Last night wasn't particularly messy, but it was a prime example of how I've let my anger re-root itself.  She casually admitted to me over text that she didn't have enough money for the internet installation at our new apartment that will allow her to work from home, which will ultimately enable her to have a more flexible schedule to complete her last year or two of schooling, which will better her life/our shared life, hopefully.  That stressor was the straw that broke the camel's back from these last couple weeks-to-a-month of stress triggers and I freaked out, hard.  I managed to start a text argument and convince her, in the end, that it was her fault; that my anger response is magnified by her continuing non-acceptance of my negative behaviors, which I said was "just me".  I told her that I'm just existentially angry because I'm depressed, that there are precious few parts of my life that I find satisfying, and that I feel rebuked just for being me.  But this isn't me, it can't be.  I apologized and she says she is always ready to forgive me, and I believe her when she says we're all good again, but I can't go on like this anymore.  I have to change and I don't know how when I've exerted more effort than I ever even thought possible in multiple areas of my damaged "self".---I don't even remember the last time I haven't justified my anger to myself, particularly with the idea that this behavior and issue is so deeply rooted that it's just how I am, and that it was appropriate as long as I could learn to disarm it when dealing with people directly.  Anger is my default.  It's my addiction.  It's my predator, and I am the prey.  It is toxic and a poison to everything beyond it.  Not unlike my depression and melancholy, I can't keep going on permitting and sanctioning its over-reach in my life.  Today I will rest and recover from last night, but tonight or tomorrow "Step One" begins again.
I basically feel like this about my situation. https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=MWuFQGrWda8I have worked at a McDonald's for a year. If you work customer service you know how shitty people are. If you have worked in a low income area you know more and if you work nights you've seen the worst. So tonight the regular manager calls off with a lie (she's leaving soon). The one grill person is an hour late, and the back register person is off because fuck all. On top of this the first three cars are foreigners and old people both of which are hard to communicate with. Finally I get the first drunk (who's driving no less). He's insanely rude, loud and takes time in drive thru to get out and throw his 40 in the parking lot. He gets to my window I deal with him and the next order is lost or wrong so I do what I normally do when I'm this stressed out and mad. I punch the monitor, I hadn't done this in month's but this time I punched it hard enough to shatter the glass and cut my hand. I have been known to blow up at work. First time I broke something and I'm sure it's fairly expensive. Luckily all my income is disposable (not that I want to waste it on this). I switched out the monitors and the entire system had a fit so it stopped working. We ended up closing the drive thru and I left early. I don't really mind if I get fired. I've been procrastinating leaving for awhile I hate it there. I have two good references and I got some friends from working there possibly even a new girlfriend. From a woman's perspective do I seem unstable or like a potential wife beater? I never really get angry outside nights like that at work. I'd never imagine hitting a girlfriend. Lastly do you think I have an anger problem? I know I don't express my anger in the best way and have worked on it before. Thanks for the help.
I was doing so well with anger management the last few days. No outbursts, nothing. Then I got into the same old argument with my SO and they started yelling and pissing me off and I tried to control it but then I exploded. Only once, but that's all it took. Now I hate myself, I want to hurt myself as punishment, I feel like I'm right back to were I was. Why can't I get better? Why does the anger eventually win? Is there anybody out there? I just want to talk to someone and not get yelled at. I can't help who I am, not instantly. They don't understand that. They throw my flaws back in my face it seems. Maybe they don't, I don't know. I just don't know. I hate myself. I hate being alive. I hate this anger. I hate how I have it and I cant control it sometimes.  I am meditating and using my off hand and it was working but with today's fight, they accused me of something I was never going to do, and I exploded. I don't like when they say stuff like that. It feels like they want me to explode and do stupid shit sometimes. But I know they don't.  Is there anyone there? 
Hey guys, I have this problem, since always, that I can't express my hard feelings, only the positive ones. I'm a very kind person, and I don't remember ever having made rude comments or criticized a person, as I always tend to keep everything bottled up in my mind. I don't know why I can't share my annoyance, I think its a confidence lack in a way or just a conflict avoidant approach of life.Has any of you gotten more assertive in life and if so, can you please give me advice? It's unhealthy to live like this as emotions always tend to resurface in other ways, for instance by liking the person less or staying frustrated myself.I'll give an example of a very recent moment where I should have stood up for myself but didn't: I have this flaky friend who cancels half of the appointments we make, and last weekend she canceled her trip to visit me next weekend (I'm currently studying abroad). We had already planned a lot, I rejected some offers for that weekend to keep it free, and she had no good reason to cancel on me at all. I'm so tired of this as she does this a lot. I'm so afraid that when I unleash this annoyance I will get angry and rude, or that she just will laugh at my faceHow could I learn to be more assertive and honest in communication?
So I think the best way to approach this post is to explain a bit about our backgrounds with the hope that it will shed some light on what each of us is dealing with. My boyfriend is here helping me write the post so that both of us feels our side of the story is honestly represented....I hope this is alright.  Let us know if there's more information which would be helpful...**Him***From an Arab country which I was born and raised in but am not considered a citizen of and therefore face challenges with local governance on a regular basis.*Hold two steady jobs with NGOs but due to restrictions on my nationality am limited in what type of employment I have access to.*Do not keep consistent contact with my family as I left the house when I was a teenager due to severe physical and emotional abuse from one parent.*Maintain weekly contact with one parent who makes me feel loved and supported but is unable to change the actions of the abusive parent.*Stressors include; lack of family support, fear for the safety and wellbeing of my siblings, absence of a bachelor's degree because I chose to work instead of go to school (my supportive parent offered to pay but I chose to work instead). *My passport is expiring in four years and if I don't find a solution then I have to return to my parents' country of origin and serve in the military for two years before being able to renew my passport. **Goal: I'm looking for support to be in greater control of my anger so that I don't hurt people that I love and care about. That I can be able to support my partner along the way.****Me***From a small city in the Mid-West and left the country right after graduating from university.*My family isn't all that supportive of my decision to live and work abroad and we have very different views on everything from racism to Donald Trump to homosexuality to what should be eaten for dinner. *I talk to members of my family maybe once a month or so and it usually involves updates on unfortunate happenings that each individual is experiencing and I am always the one to initiate contact.*The most recent conversation ended with accusations that I have chosen to isolate myself when I have tried to introduce WhatsApp, Facebook Messenger, VOXER etc to help them stay in touch whenever they want and always insist they come and visit.*Have a parent who was a survivor of a family situation which struggled with alcoholism. As a result, was prone to frequent and sudden outbursts of anger targeted at whoever the weakest victim was when I was growing up. There was a lot of insulting and condescension; all of us kids are now working through depression and anxiety. I spent a lot of time trying to protect this parent because I felt sad for the pain they felt, now I feel angry at this parent for not controlling their anger and letting it out on us.My biggest issue: I internalise my anger a lot and after reading an article about different types of anger, believe that I'm a mix of paranoid/shame-based anger with a sprinkle of this and that. I try to keep my mouth shut if I feel that my emotions are out of control but especially recently, with the constant fighting that my bf and I have been experiencing, I have snapped a few times. I used to write when I was upset and I used to have an outlet for exercise but have not been doing so like I used to.**Goal: Be a more supportive girlfriend equipped with the tools to help myself and my boyfriend work through the anger we both have inside so that we can stop fighting and start leading happier, healthier lives together. I AM SO AFRAID THAT I WILL END UP LIKE MY ANGRY PARENT.**We often fight about stupid, small things e.g.: Just in the middle of writing this post we were making dinner and having a normal chat after resolving another fight about another issue. I was in the kitchen cleaning dishes after my boyfriend made dinner and asked if he could clean up the egg which had spilled on the floor during cooking. He asked me why I asked him to clean it up. I said that I didn't know, I guessed I hadn't thought about it. He said that he had made dinner... I responded with, so... can you clean up the egg and he insisted I answer why I wanted him to clean up the egg. Then we fought again... and now we're finishing writing this post.  It sometimes gets to the point where we won't talk to each other because neither of us feels that we're wrong... We've been googling anger management etc and can't afford a therapist/aren't in a country where we really have access to a therapist so are looking for any DIY guidance/support/advice.  **tl;dr** my partner and I grew up in abusive homes and are struggling to deal with our anger as adults. We fight constantly and are now reaching out for DIY anger management support because presently we can't afford counselling. HELP.
Today sucked totally. My grandparents were staying with us at my Mom's for a 3 day visit. Today was Day 2 and I thought yesterday went fairly well. It was the calm before the storm, I suppose. You see, I think I have an issue with resentment. I need to nip this at the bud before I retreat any more and before I destroy any actual or potential relationships. It's getting the the point where it looks like suicide is my only option, though I know I'd never go through with it. But how much longer until that changes?I am a single mother, who had met who I thought was my potential husband in 2010. I was a single Mom then to a 5 year old girl and we were engaged in 2012 when we conceived our son. When our son was 3 months old, the father cheated and abandoned. I hadn't had a job since 2011 and wasn't looking for one, since my then fianc had a great job and we could afford for me to stay home. Long story short, my 2 kids and I couldn't keep our home, car, etc. We had to move into my Mom's and I've been having a hard time finding a job that would not only pay for day care costs. My grandparents have come to resent me for this. In fact, they were cordial with my ex-fianc when he left is, so you can see I have some unresolved anger about this fact. But we've always managed to put our feelings on the back burner for my mom's sake. What happened tonight came without any warning. My son is a little rambunctious. I do what I can to manage him, but I can't stand over him constantly, especially when I'm helping in the kitchen. When I was clearing the table, apparently my son head-butted my grandfather right the balls.  I didn't know it happened, all I heard was my grandmother saying that he had to learn. I rushed in there and tried to keep my voice even, because it isn't their place to make him learn. They should have brought it up to me. But my grandfather said basically he didn't want to get me upset. I wanted to know what took place because back from their ways of child rearing, they controlled their children and if they didn't act up out of fear. I grew up that way and don't want my children to fear me. Well, this is where I went psycho and I don't know how to change it. I need to change it. I said to excuse me from cleaning, as I needed to punish my child. I made a show of yelling, thinking that is what I needed to do to appease them. I'm fucked up, because why did I do this if that is not what I want for my children?  My grandparents aren't really good with kids. They showed my dog more attention and love than their own great grand kids, and I bottled that up throughout their visit. They are the types who think children should be seen and not heard and that kind of mentality pisses me off.  That's the kind that makes children afraid to tell on their molester and I want my children to know I have their back at all costs. Anyways, I was full of anger and my daughter was sick on the couch with my grandmother talking to her. I told my daughter to come lie down in her bed because she was bringing everyone down and that's when my grandmother told me she was sick of me. She said I was lazy and should go to hell. I don't recall exactly what all was said,but I at least refrained from insults.At one point awhile back, my grandfather, who was previously married, told me he had a son but didn't talk to him anymore because he was "fruity". So I brought that up and he acted like he didn't have one and accused me of being delusional and that I need to take my meds. What a jerk. I don't have meds. They packed up called me a bitch and left. They made my Mom pay by leaving. I told them I would stay in my room but they could stay for her sake. They left anyway. I vow never to talk to them again. I'm scouting some anger-management groups, but they are hard to find. Do they work? Does anyone have a handle on their anger?  I guess I get paranoid, thinking others are judging me on if I'm doing things right and I get so anxious and full of anger. I do a lot of yelling and talking fast and doing stupid things in front of my children. They don't deserve this and I feel like scum. I can't let this happen again! Please help!
I'm sorry for the wall of text.**The reason for my post:**10 months post break up I still angrily ruminate for hours on the breakup and post breakup and the relationship itself, seemingly constantly. I search online for his name and the names of the people involved in the breakup. I want them all out of my head, I want not to be angry anymore but I cant seem to let it go. Im sick to death of the revenge fantasies and fury that fill my spare time. Ive seen a psychologist but for this particular issue it doesnt seem to be helping. Im hoping that writing it down and seeing what suggestions people make about getting over anger will help. Im sorry if I leave out relevant details or ramble. Theres a lot. I will try to be succinct and honest.**Before the break up:**Wed been together for five years. Wed lived together for four years. We hadnt slept in the same bed for months. I was just out of university, and had taken a full time unpaid internship as part of the process of post-grad work I needed to do for entrance to my profession. I had quit my job and he was taking on all expenses at the time, something that was discussed between us and that he swore he was fine with. During the previous four years of living together I had worked part time and paid part of the rent and expenses while going to uni full time. At the time we broke up he was paying all rent and bills, and had been for maybe six months. He knew I had no savings.We were both very stressed. He had been sick for months with some undiagnosed thing that left him weak and unwell most of the time. His job was very stressful. I had worked my butt off and done well at uni but was terrified about my job prospects in an awful graduate market and hated having no money. Wed been squabbling for the first time in our five year relationship because Id fallen out with his two best friends, a married couple who lived in the same block of flats, next door to us. The fallout was partly my fault, partly theirs. Excessive anger and stubbornness on both sides I would say. One of the two friends was a pretty vicious guy, he started with blanking me and moved on to calling me a fucking psycho to my face. Boyfriend refused to take my side in the fight. I accused him of being more loyal to his friends than to me. I said I wanted him to limit his time with the friends (I specifically said I wasnt asking him to end the friendship) since they now hated my guts and it was distressing to me that he was still hanging out with them constantly, hearing god knows what opinions about me. He refused. In fact he said we had to break up if I insisted that he limit the friendship. I backed down. I know, I know. I was not in a good place.**The breakup:**The day that I finished the internship he broke up with me. He said he hadnt been happy for years. He said my anger was too much. I asked him what the fuck I was to do, given I had no job and no money. He said the most important thing was that I was okay. That was the last time I saw him. He left for his parents house for a few days and I had to move in with my alcoholic mother as I had no money. I was heartbroken. It was horrific. I was gone in two days. I didnt harm any of his stuff, though I wanted to. I left every gift he had ever given me in a pile on the floor. All my stuff went into storage. I told him via email that he had to pay for the storage (about $200.00 a month) until I found a job and that he had to pay for the movers. He did both those things. I stayed with my mother, sleeping on the floor of her workroom, for four months. I found a job in a month. I told him immediately that I would now take over the payments for storage and this I did. It took me another three months to save up enough for a bond and to buy the furniture and appliances I needed for a new place. I stayed with my alcoholic mother for four months and it was the worst four months of my adult life. I had left home at fifteen, largely because living with an alcoholic parent was enormously traumatic. He knew this. He knew I had no money and it was my only option.Being there again, with her uncontrollable drinking and everything that went with it, the wailing through the night, the falls, the lying, just seeing her like that, was truly, truly awful. I couldnt be there after three in the afternoon because the drinking started then. I stayed out as late as I could every night to avoid seeing her drunk, even after I started the new full time job and was exhausted at the end of the day. I finished my postgraduate studies. Staying with her re-traumatised me in a terrible way. I developed severe anxiety. Even after I left and moved into my own place, I couldnt sleep through the night anymore. I woke up four - five times a night, every night. I was eventually diagnosed with anxiety and depression. I started self-harming again, something I hadnt done for ten years. I was suicidal. I started seeing a psychologist and these symptoms are improving.I blamed and blame him for how awful it was to stay there and for all the symptoms that followed. If he had made some provision for me to stay elsewhere, offered me enough money so that I could pay a bond and leave that terrible place sooner, I would not have had to go through that. I never asked him for money apart from the expenses above which I had no way of meeting at the time, I couldnt bring myself to do it. Pride, shame, I dont know.To be clear, he was right to break up with me. The relationship had many problems. We were not well suited. He was right about me being an angry person in general. Im not angry about him breaking up with me, though it made me horribly sad at the time, because I loved him. I am angry about the circumstances he left me in and the fact that I cannot remember any part of our relationship - the longest of both our adult lives - with any happiness. I just want to forget any of it ever happened because it all feels tainted by how it ended.**Contact with him:**For the first three weeks I was a complete mess. Classic heartbreak. I couldnt eat. I cried uncontrollably. I lost 8 kilos. I would call him sobbing uncontrollably at all hours of the day because the pain was so bad and I would do anything to try and make it stop. I told him that I couldnt bear staying with my mother. That it was unspeakably horrific for me to be there. I begged him to please help me. Eventually he stopped answering my calls.I sent him an email sometime in the next few months, venting all my fury, telling him how his conduct had completely fucked my life and my mental health. Recriminations, anger, terrible spite. Anything to hurt him, though I made no threats. No reply.After I moved into a place of my own I couldnt speak to my mother for a while because of the anxiety that I had developed. I told her this, doing everything I could to soften the blow and make it clear I would be in touch again at some point soon. She threatened to kill herself. It was more horror. I sent him an email and told him that I blamed him for that too.At some point I learnt that his friends (the ones I had fallen out with) were telling anyone who would listen that I was planning to sue him (I think that this misapprehension came from me pointing out in that first nasty email to him that as a financially dependent de-facto I was actually entitled to some financial support after he broke up with me. The reason I said this was to try and elicit an apology from him, some acknowledgment that I wasnt completely off-base to be angry that he encouraged me to quit my job and then kicked me out of our home with no warning, forcing me into a terrible situation. I never said I would sue him and never intended to. I was just trying to point out that this wasnt me being crazy, that the family court of this country takes a dim view of people being made homeless) and that I was a fucking psycho.I sent him a measured email telling him that I never intended to sue him because I could see no good coming from him thinking that and it was completely untrue. There was no reply. That was the last contact I made, several months ago.I havent seen him since the break up or tried to see him. Ive never made a social media post about the fact that we broke up or my feelings or my situation. Ive never contacted his friends, family or work. I didnt damage any of his property. Ive cut him and his friends from social media. The only psycho things I did were the two admittedly vicious emails and I suppose the heartbroken calls and texts in the first few weeks.**Now:**I have a good job now. My sleep is improving. I usually only wake up a few times a night, and have slept through the night a few times. Meditation and exercise and therapy have helped a lot. I am rarely suicidal. Ive stopped self-harming. I am less miserable. I can speak to my mother again. I still blame him for the damage done to my mental health and the symptoms I still experience. Im terribly, terribly angry. I had had a great deal of therapy before I ever met him and worked hard for many years to re-establish a relationship with my mother and to deal with my various childhood traumas. He knew that. I thought I was past it. Being put back in that situation set me back many years. It did me real and lasting damage. I ruminate about what I would say to him, what I would do to him, his friends. I think about how easy it would have been for him, with his large income (well over $100,000.00 per annum, with at least that in savings), to give me say, $5,000.00, and help me avoid having to be in that situation. I reflect on him telling me when we broke up that the main thing was that you are okay and I become enraged because it was a lie. I believe it would have been better for me emotionally to stay in a homeless shelter than to stay with my mother, and I honestly would have done that if I hadnt had two cats that I love very much and that I also had to house. I really had no choice about staying with her and I got out as quickly as I could. I want to get past how angry I am, at him and his friends who now happily spread lies about me. I dont know how to do that. I would like help.**TLDR;**Bad break up. Left me in very traumatic circumstances, for which I, rightly or wrongly, blame him. I truly hate him. Whether or not I am right to blame him for the breakdown in my mental health, how do I get over my anger with this person?
It happened on the bus on the way home. I get on and I can tell it will be crowded. As I walk towards the back, I see many people sitting in the aisle seats with the window seat empty. I've always seen this as their passive-aggressive way to dissuade anyone from sitting next to them until that seat is absolutely needed. This angers me. So I walk down the center of the bus saying as I pass each of these people, "Another asshole aisle-sitter."Maybe not the best thing to do. Maybe I should have just swallowed it and accepted that some people will get their way even if they're being selfish. I didn't. I said something. At least it was only that one incident. I would have normally had about a dozen by the evening rush hour.
Yes I'm a newbie here, having just stumbled upon this sub literally minutes ago, but I suppose you could see it as a Godsend that I found this place out of the blue in my time of need. Let me introduce myself, or at least my history of anger: I've always had a temper. I've had one when I was a kid, though I kept it suppressed, I let it go when I was a preteen in junior high, though I mellowed out in high school, but now I'm in my last year of college and I feel unstable and unstoppable. I get stressed easily, especially if something has to be done ASAP and I keep getting interrupted, I feel like a ticking timebomb most of the time, just waiting for an excuse to unload, even though I try my best to control it. But there's a reason I decided to write here, obviously. There must be some catalyst as to why I'm talking about my anger issues to what amounts to a group of people I never met. I almost hurt someone. In all the times I've been angry, it's been all bark and little bite. The worst I did was break something, but tonight I almost hurt someone and charged at them, and it took my brother to hold me back and calm me down. I'm still fuming as I write this. It was like Jekyll and Hyde, as I'm usually kind, funny, willing to go to the ends of the Earth to help someone, but I snapped. I felt like I was going to spear someone and give them a Lou Thez Press (For you wrestling fans out there) all while screaming until I was blue in the face. I am not a violent person, nor do I want to become one. What if I do it to the wrong person? What if it gets so out of control that I kill someone, if not seriously injure someone? I don't want to be known as that maniac who goes psychotic at the drop of a coin, or worse yet, get a heart attack from raging and die myself because I had to be a monster.  If anything I feel like a failure, because all that time in high school I tried learning anger management, all those years I tried to cage the beast, were for nothing apparently. If it helps, I feel terrible after an outburst, which shows I have a conscious, something psychopaths lack (I study criminal behavior and psychology, both for school and in my spare time), so I know there's hope for me to not go down that route. I'm not sure what you guys can do to help, if anything, but even just letting me know that I'm not alone could make a world of difference, since I feel like the only one in my spot. Again, I normally do not get angry enough to want to hurt someone, but I guess since I had a shitty week, that's what did it. EDIT: Thanks guys for the help so far, but things have gotten worse. Well, not really, my anger has gotten worse, not my situation. The sad part is I'm starting to enjoy it. 
As per the title, I am a twenty-nine year old female. Until about twelve months ago, I was a perfectly normal and happy person, but for the past year I have just been filled with rage for no reason. I've been really good at hiding it from those around me, but I feel like it's getting worse and worse and I don't know what to do or who to talk to about it. It's completely out of the blue. There was no catalyst for this happening - nothing of note has happened in my life - and I lead a really charmed life: great unified family, supportive parents and siblings, engaged to a wonderful man I love to bits, well paying job I love, good physical health, friends, activities etc... there is no reason for this to come out of nowhere. At first it was just getting mildly pissed off at people for minor things like lateness or laziness (which I could justify to myself pretty easily) but now everything makes me angry to the point of being completely obsessed with my rage for hours afterwards - kids messing up my order at a fast food place, my fianc doing a chore in what I think is an illogical way, even just being stuck behind a slow walking person or behind someone who is smoking and getting caught in their smoke stream. These things linger with me for hours, and inside I am cursing and thinking of really awful ways I want to punish them for annoying me. The feelings go away if I'm able to distract myself enough - gaming etc - but I can't even listen to music or read a book because my mind is so distracted by my rageful grudge. And when someone does something to genuinely make me angry - like, an argument with someone for which my anger is legitimate - I want to really hurt them with my words. I want to say horribly cruel, personal things with a strong intention of *hurting* them badly. Worst of all, I've started waking up from angry nightmares in a rage - my heart racing, and a feeling of adrenalin pumping anger running through me. In my dreams I am just angrily, insanely screaming at someone for an imaginary wrong doing.It makes me thoroughly ashamed of myself. This is not who I am and it's not who I've been in the past. I'm exhausted and stressed and unhappy from being angry - I am angry *all* day - but I'm so good at hiding it that I feel that if I opened up to someone I doubt they'd take it seriously. My biggest concern is that soon I wont be able to contain these feelings and I'll say something I regret - estrange myself from someone, or lose my job, or start a fight with a stranger. Maybe I *am* just a shit person?Help me please.
As the title suggests, I've been feeling random short bouts of anger over the littlest things lately. I would say I was a rather patient and calm person before this, but I don't know why I'm getting mad over the smallest things lately - my dad refused to sign a form because I used brown ink and asked me to reprint it and I got pissed and crushed and threw the paper and walked away. And proceeded to print 10 copies of the same form just because I was pissed (lol, I know wtf). I just don't get why I'm so mad over nothing.      I also find myself very irritable lately, and feeling angry over things I would never have been angry at. I would feel pissed, then feel the immense urge to punch a wall (I end up just bruising myself lol) and I notice that I'll be breathing really hard. I've reasoned that maybe I'm just being an asshole because I'm irritated when I'm told I'm wrong. I've never been like this before, so I really don't know what's wrong with me. Even when I was told I was wrong in the past, I didn't stay angry or act out, I just kept quiet. But something that might be worth mentioning - I went through a very stressful and emotional period last year for about 5 months. The only acting out I felt was to punch walls and floors and cut myself though I've since stopped.   I thought maybe it could be the stress but there hasn't been any significant change in my life lately, and I've been getting enough sleep (although I'm sleeping much later than usual). If anyone can help shed some light on this, I would appreciate it so much thank you :)    Edit: some formatting
So lost in fury...  And I can NOT see anything good about being alive -- not just me but ANYone.  Ever.For every minor glimpse of beauty in life, there are 10,000 moments of pain.  We have our youth to develop expectations...  that will never come true.  Life is a misery engine, cranking through cycles of expectations & hope, then despair & horror.Why should anyone -- especially conscious beings -- be forced to suffer through this horrible garbage?
I just found this linked in r/adultsurvivors, and I was wondering if you have any advice for me. Long story short I was sexually abused throughout my childhood and never got any closure, and I never will. My abuser was a family member and he is still the patriarch of the entire family network and I have been cut off. I haven't seen my grandmother, cousins, aunts or uncles for 4 years. I basically don't exist to them. I realised that I am an extremely angry person, but I can't express it healthily at all. My parents raised me to be ashamed of any heightened and dramatic emotions. I never raise my voice, throw things or do any of the 'classic' angry actions. All I do is tense up and cry. It occasionally leaks out in bitchy comments, that's about as far as it goes. It's honestly crippling, it feels like I'm full of venom at all times. Do you guys know of any healthy way to express anger? It seems silly to pursue it but I honestly feel poisoned by it, and would do anything to take the strain off.Apologies if this isn't appropriate, or doesn't belong here.
so angry, i cannot sleep. I was raped last month and I cannot contain my anger. I wish he was dead. Ive got nobody to talk to and I keep seeing his face. I wish id killed him
I get angry so easily. I didnt used to be an angry person and I try not to feed it but the smallest things just send white-hot rage through my body. I find it very cathartic to break something when this happens like a plastic tape dispenser or whacking a stick off a tree until it shatters but I have on many occasions had to physically remind myself that I cannot throw my dinner plate across the room or break the kitchen chair off the floor. I almost broke the door in my bedroom because I donkey-kicked it cause I couldnt stop sneezing. It's always the most teensy random things that set me off. Like, just now doing the dishes, I had to scrub caked on shit off like 3 plates and I'm not even mad that the food was left there I was just mad that I was taking me like 3 minutes to clean one fucking dish. Things like that fill me with rage for NO REASON. What should I do? Especially when I cant break things...it scares people. What is wrong with me and how do I stop getting so worked up about small things that I have no control over?TL;DR: What should I do instead of breaking things?
He just gets me so fucking mad. He always used to make me feel/look stupid for doing normal things like reading a book or developing a hobby of some sort. He did this so often that I feel like I needed his permission or get his approval in order to do something. Like majoring in what I'm doing now or do something new. I stopped doing new things because of his harsh, loud, overbearing criticisms. He would always run away to my mom and talk shit behind my back and my mom would always agree with him. It still happens now but a little less. The damage is done and I get so mad I can't even sleep. It' 3AM right now and I have to get up at 6 for work and I constantly pace back and forth in my room arguing with myself about him. I feel like I can't develop my personality or talk without being interrupted or being talked over so I just don't say anything or quietly agree. It makes me feel so weak I want to fucking shoot myself in the head.
I know this might be able to go in rape counseling, but I feel like I need to put this somewhere where people would understand what it's like to experience grief manifesting as uncontrollable angry thoughts. Which is currently what I experience every day. I am so worn out from my mind lashing out at people. I have studied Jungian psychology and am interested in Frued as well, to learn about the nature of the animalistic side I have no control over. I know that from having experienced sexual assault, I have repressed my anger and it is constantly being displaced onto others when it properly needs to vent. I have no idea how to tap into, and experience, my anger in the sense of emotion. It is all mental, and causes me to only experience emotions of guilt and sorrow that I name call and belittle everyone I care about ruthlessly and in the most unpleasant of ways. I feel like I am literally split into two halves, one of light and the other extremely dense shadow that I am aware of but have not yet integrated. I had an incident not long ago where I drifted into a hypnagogic state and felt my body flood with rage toward the person I know raped me. In that moment I felt like all the anger was where it should be, that my emotions were raw and perfect. But it was fleeting and I have yet to relive that healthy rage. I experience stockholm toward a memory of someone from the past and it prevents me from seeing him for what he truly did to me. It is so hard to truly experience anger toward him. I am tired. So very tired. My brain is on autopilot attack on everyone day in and out, every single moment it feels like. I fight to feel redeemed and reassure myself I am a good person every day after staring into someone's face and focusing on their skin color, appearance, really trite and stupid stuff that I know way better. I just needed to get that off my chest. If anyone has any tips please let me know. I am tired of being an emotional husk with this overactive id. 
i can detach and calm down from arguments fairly fast, but usually for a few hours after i'm still ready to punch through a wall because of the physical unease, leading me to get into more confrontations... breathing/meditation helps, especially to clear my mind, but even after that's all gone i'm still physically feeling "angry". i feel like there's gotta be some other trick i'm missing to get the physical unease out
This weekend my girlfriend and I went out to a bar to celebrate a friends birthday. The entire night went well, up until we left. She offered for us to give a couple of friends a ride home, and on that ride is when it went bad. My 2 biggest pet peeves are people lying to me/dishonesty, and when someone is a hypocrite. Those 2 things will instantly piss me off. She started to question my friend about a "guys night out" he had planned a few weeks prior with me, and a few buddies, which turned into a guys night plus one girl (my buddy is terrible at planning and double booked himself). They got into an argument, so I tried stepping in to clear a few things up. Immediately my buddy started lying (to cover his own ass), which immediately fired me up. I ended up telling my girlfriend to "shut the hell up", then proceeded to kick my buddy out of the car (we were at a burger place a few blocks from his house). I was pissed, but in my mind, I had neutralized the situation (getting my girlfriend to stop arguing and making the situation worse), then stood up for both me and her (by kicking my buddy out for lying to both of us, and saying some pretty mean things about her). She didnt see it that way. She saw it as me being incredibly disrespectful to her, to speak to her like that, and to top it off, in front of other people. One thing she will not tolerate at all in a relationship, is someone speaking to her in a disrespectful manner. Exactly what I did. We fought about it the entire way home. In the end, she left that night, quite possibly for good. Looking back on it the following day, shes absolutely right about the way I spoke to her. At the time, I thought I was doing what was best, and maybe it would been, had I went about it differently. I was loud, aggressive (completely non violent, just in my tone), and disrespectful. Although this is the first time this has happened with us, its not the first time it has happend for me. In my last relationship it happened fairly often (the relationship had been bad for a long time and I always assumed that the relationship problems we had was the key). Clearly I have a problem with keeping my cool when situations like this arise. I dont get mad often, and usually let alot of things go. I do have my triggers though, and lying/dishonesty is a big one. I want to fix this. This weekend was a big wake up call for me. Im not sure where to start. I did a 15 question quiz online last night that suggested I need some help with this. I see online classes, weekly group classes, one saturday classes, and therapists. Im not sure what to look into first. This account and this sub are my first steps. Any advice anyone can give me on this? 
I get frustrated over little things especially when I feel people are not following what I consider the rules of life. That they are *my* rules and only I consider them self-evident doesn't occur to me at the time. Since much of my day has to do with commuting, a lot of these rules concern that activity. For example:* People who don't respect the queue for a bus.* People who speak excessively on the phone while riding.* People who eat food on public transport *especially* hot food that has a strong odor.* People who push their seats back to full recline even though that leaves less room for the person behind them on a crowded bus/train/plane.My response to this is usually verbal, usually insulting, usually confrontational, usually filled with words that maybe shouldn't be said in public. I feel bad afterwards and think it's silly to get that angry over these "rules". However, I can't stop myself from acting on this anger. This has been a big problem even after years of therapy.
My mother remarried about 10 years ago. With my stepdad came a stepbrother and a very crazy ex-wife. I get along great with my stepdad and my mom, but have no communication with my stepbrother, despite living in the same house as him. We used to get along when we were kids, but his attitude that he developed due to his toxic mother created issues within our family. As a result, much of the focus was placed upon him. And although I have had problems with his mother, and put a lot of the blame on her, I still primarily feel anger towards him. In the last year or two, he has caused trouble again - once again placing all the focus on him. I feel as though many of my issues have been pushed aside to deal with him. Whenever I am around him, I get angry. I am a very conflict avoidant person and I do not get angry. It is extremely rare. But everything he does makes me so angry. Sometimes I want to hit him when he is really getting on my nerves. But I have never been violent in my life, nor will I ever act on that thought. I mainly just think about how I dislike just about everything about him. Just sitting next to him raises my blood pressure. Thankfully we are both in college, so I do not have to feel this way very often. I know this seems harsh, and I do feel a lot of guilt about it, but I am trying to understand why I am like this. I am also seeking other people who perhaps are in a similar situation. If it helps, I have OCD spectrum disorders (health anxiety, dermotillomania), GAD, Panic disorder, and dysthymia. Thanks for any input you may have.
So, I have a problem to yell at people who tell me something that is wrong with myself or something I do. I usually start off thinking I'm calm, but then after a little bit, and I'm done talking/yelling at the person who was talking/yelling at me, I feel like shit. Like, they will say, oh, you did something bad, and not be judging me, but it sounds that way, and I say something mean in response, like, well screw you, you do that too, and then we argue and then I just keep saying terrible things and I can't stop cause I don't realize I am doing it. Then I stop and walk away thinking I did the right thing, but then realize, oh fuck, I just fucked up, and then start to hate myself and want to hurt myself or break something.  So, like, how do you guys deal with stuff like that? How do you not explode on someone when they are exploding on you? What if you can't just put everything down and walk away cause that might make things worse for the other person, or because you physically can't cause you are in a work space you can't leave (like say, a toll both attendant with a partner. He can't just walk away from the toll both cause his partner is pissing him off). But ignoring the person will make it worse too.
Hi r/Anger,I've noticed that a huge issue for me is that I can't let go of my negative feelings about situations even if they happened long ago. For example, I'll be having a perfectly nice day until I remember a time where a teacher gave me a terrible grade for a project I worked really hard on and this completely ruins my mood. Even though this happened years ago, all the anger suddenly comes back to me and I can't stop thinking about the situation and feeling resentment towards the teacher that gave me the bad grade.Or I'll be hanging out with my friend and suddenly remember something they said months ago that really upset me, and this instantly ruins my mood and makes me act cold towards them. Even though I know it happened long ago, I can't stop thinking about what they said and it makes me angry at them all over again.This is a really big problem for me because I find myself pushing people away for things they did long ago and I really don't want to lose my friends/family over this. I just wanted to know if any of y'all can relate, and also if you have found anything that helps you control these thoughts? Thanks for reading and sorry about the long post.
I'm smart. I mean it. Top student in university, studied in a special high school, really good with math and computer science, etc, etc.I also try to be helpful. Tutoring my classmates. Helping the poor and homeless. Trying to be a good citizen, blah blah blah.Somehow, recently, I'm angry. And by recently I mean like the past 4 5 years of my life. I'm not angry on purpose. however I act angry, and really angry, Yelling, Raising my voice, Shaking, Constantly apologizing in an angry manner (like I'm sorry, {insert insult here}), even sometimes feeling pain in my chest area (checked with the doctor, I'm healthy) when I get angry.I want to change. To be calm again. But I always fail. I'm good for 2, maybe 3 days but then I go back to this angry person that I am and it is just driving everyone away... my family, my gf, my friends, etc....What would you do...?
Every sunday I make my lunches for the whole work week. I budget money for it, cook it all on Sunday, portion it out into 5 containers, and put them in the freezer. It saves me time, money, energy, and calories. Chicken, brown rice, and veggies.I even told him and showed him. He said what a good idea it was.I hid them behind the vegetables which he doesn't touch.Then today I go to the freezer to take my lunch for tomorrow out, and I see theyre all gone. I tore the fridge and freezer apart looking for them, and then I see the containers are in the sink. He ate all my fucking lunches. I even fucking told him about it and hid them. I screamed, threw things and broke things. I'm so glad that my father is a deep sleeper, I'm able to sit here and calm down before I did anything stupid.I am so fucking done with my father and my brother. They are both exactly alike. They don't think. They don't care about anything. I have to do fucking everything, and they don't even appreciate it. Now I have to eat McDonalds or something cheap and unhealthy for the rest of the week
So I have been dealing with significant depression for over 10 years now, and what I have felt more than anything over that time is rage. To give you an idea about how bad it is, I'll give you some of my lowest points.-Self harm as a means to distract myself from the anger: pouring hot coffee on my leg (only once), slapping myself in the face (maybe once a month), banging my head on the ground (only a few times).-Having a car accident from a sudden "anger attack" while driving (not road rage).-Pulling a muscle and herniating a disc in my back which sent me to the ER from screaming so hard into a pillow.I've been through basically the whole gamut of medical treatments for depression with very little success (meds, ECT, ketamine). In the last two years I have focused on lifestyle factors such as diet, exercise, yoga, and meditation, also with little success.Lately I've been reading about and working with my therapist on dealing with the issues underlying my anger, and that's what I wanted to share. I was surprised to find out that its actually a well accepted idea that anger is usually a "secondary" emotion, one that serves a purpose in dealing with (or too often avoiding) "primary" emotions. There are a lot of really good blogs on psychologytoday.com, and my favorite is called Evolution of the Self by Leon Seltzer. Here's a link to an article I really liked, and at the bottom there are links to other posts he's written about anger. Does anyone else have stories they can share about how they realized that their anger was serving some "emotional purpose"?
Just last week he knock my brother out. Which my family was ok with because he kept trying him. He went to the doctor to find he's biopalr which I can he wasn't happy about. So this means medication. I forgot something really important hes ex military. But today me and him were home alone so I just ask him why he say he want kill him self sometimes. He went say noting so I ask again and he he went off in a rage hitting things. I was shaking at this point. He wasn't coming at me But I was scared of he's acts. Fanily he calms down and just takes he's keys saying he's going kill himself again which he does when mad but sometimes I think he will. He's been missing for a few hours. I know he's friends have talk to him but they want say anything.  My bf is smart he can hack anything really so we can't track him if we tired. I know he can hack things. Should I just kill myself? I love this guy but all he need is help but I don't know what to do!!!! I'm just a young girl this guy has killed people before he's lived a life to me!!!!! I want him to feel want in life!!! I feel like he's like this because of he's family, I know he's mom loves him but him and He's  dad have problems. Police tired looking for him but know one can find I feel. Like he's fire Dr are lying to me they know something. I know he's reading my text message but want answer. What should I say to him? I feel like he's a food person but acts scared to show it
 My bf(David) and my brother don't like each other it's more of my brother my bf just reacts bad. I can say my bf already has a anger issuse. David snaps and sometimes will need be restrain for safety of him are someone. But some reason he doesn't come at me mad he just want talk to me. But today my bf was drinking with my dad and he's dad. After a while my bf got tired later on tonight went to my bed were just talking. Some reason my brother opens my door and says fuck you. I don't if it was me or to David. But David just yells I'm fucking kill you out loud. He gets and walks to my brother I was trying grab him but know good. Then he just kick him in the head and my bf wasn't drunk. My dad and he's dad just hear my brother hit the ground. So they rush to my room and just tackle David because he's on top while My brother is sleep on the floor. My mom got scared she had called 911. David just starts punching walls and went calm. So by then the police gets in and see what's going cuff David then he slowly calmed down. But some reason when David gets mad he threats kill himself which made the police feel like they had keep him on watch. We didn't want david lock up because we know my brother start it like always. But he was snapping on police to so they gave him a few hours calm down my charges. It's more like he was black out and didn't know what to do. My brother is ok but he want come out he's room.My bf is Back but he want talk to anyone. I feel like he think we want him to get lock up but is was him and he's anger. Is there like medication or something to help him deal with he's anger? People have told me he's a sociopath and which I'm starting to believe. We got the fussing a couple times before but he never been aggressive. Can he just love me and hate ever one else?
My problem is road rage... The other day this chick stops traffic for a few seconds and takes an illegal left. I get pissed, and honk, she flips me off or something so I also take the illegal left turn(I've done the same thing that I'm pissed about.. I know.. it doesn't make sense to me either) Then this chick is driving very slow, and periodically break checking me. This is a 2 way road, I then floor it around her and she tries to speed up. Her being in a 4 cylinder and me being in a V8 SUV I passed her, got in front of her, and hit my brakes, coming to a stop. Then got out of my car, and walked up to the rear end of my car, and started asking her if she thought it was funny to brake check people and drive slow purposefully to piss people off? After doing that for about 15 seconds, I get in my car and drive off. So now where the crazy part is. Today, about 2 days later. I get my motorcycle back up and running, so I drive in the area that this happened, and I saw this chicks car (Noticeable because of the bumper stickers she had). So I left a note on an envelope saying she's a dumb bitch and never to brake check people because she never knows who she is messing with. That she needs to be taught a lesson... I explicitly said in the note that I wasn't going to do anything other than leave her this nice friendly note. It also said fuck you dumb bitch, from you secret admirer.Now, I feel like a piece of shit.. I'm sure this girl is freaking out. That's not what I wanted. I'm really not a bad person, I just have extreme road rage. I don't know how to not react when people do things I don't like on the road. I just needed to talk about this situation because I feel so bad. The chick probably thinks I'm some psycho that knows where she lives so she is freaking out. I'm considering leaving another note being like... "FUCK I'M SO SORRY, I DIDNT MEAN FOR IT TO COME OFF LIKE THAT, you have nothing to worry about. I'm just crazy sometimes. I'll never see you again though, and I'll never come to your apartment complex again..Opinions? Halp
I have always been a very hateful and resentful person. Grudges are my forte, although if I hate you, you'll have no idea. I know that I need to be more forgiving and open-minded, but people who annoy me because of their personalities or unethical decisions, or immaturity make me want to physically react. I've even skipped classes in order to avoid interacting with people whose presence makes me fume. Any advice? How did you become more relaxed and open-minded? Is it better to just avoid these people? Is it better to give them a piece of my mind (I might have already) and then avoid them because they're just no good anyway? And just to be clear, I don't hate people for no reason. I get angry when they are unethical. When they're immature. When they are in denial and refuse to change. When they blame everybody but themselves. When they're stupid and lazy and lie to my face CONSTANTLY. When they are complete hypocrites. THAT's when I hate people. Hahaha, all those qualities are wrapped into one person by the way. Ugh. 
I have had my heart set on the snow trip camp my school provides coming up. I absolutely love the snow. I love skiing. I can't highlight how much I love it. I have been talking to the teacher involved about snow camps details since the start of the year. I was not accepted. I, or rather my parents, we're not able to pay my school fees so I can not go. This made me pretty damn upset. But when a 'friend' found out, instead of being a normal fucking person she said I have no right to be upset about it. I was told school fees were required to go. So I have no right to be upset since i was told. It also according to her does not matter about how passionate about the snow I am because if some one else went as often as me they would also be as passionate about it. And that I shouldn't think of going because it means someone who has been accepted can't go due to limited spaces and I should stop thinking of myselfI want nothing more then to bash her fucking head in and it's been a week. This entire time i spend way too much time thinking about smashing her head on the pavement. I won't. I can't. I won't see her til holidays are over. But I am suffering not her. I can see this. It's obvious. She is the one going to the snow camp not me. She is the one dreaming about skiing while I'm the one being too angry to sleep because I am thinking about breaking her arms. But I still can't shake this feeling after all this time.
Today at school it was a pretty normal day until the fourth class when a classmate who just happened to also be the clASS president wanted to take my seat. Normally I would've just let it go if it wasn't the fifth time that happened. Then he just sat next to me and started nagging me to move, I just sat there and ignored him. Then it was time for recess and we were allowed to stay in the classroom. I kept sitting there and he went to talk with some of his friends. Little later some guy that I don't know very well came to me and said that I should move or that the prASSident is going to kick my ass after school, I just sat there and laughed. They started gathering up around me. Then they started asking me questions to which I would just laughed. Then the clASS president pushed the guy I mentioned before at me, when he hit me I hit the wall with my head. I just laughed it off, at that moment I was so fucking pissed but due to my kind heart I didn't want to bust his head open so I hit the wall with all my strenght, I think I broke a bone actualy.Long story short is it ok if instead of busting a guys head off I almost break my arm?EDIT: I know it's not.
//I am a very aggressive person. It is not a great thing ,but sometimes it is all you need.Regardless of that , I enjoy the release I get when I am angry. So much so , I have a reason to believe that I get angry on purpose,so that I could get that release again.//Kind of like why some people masturbate so much. They don't care about the process , all they crave for is the feeling of release//And there is also the factor of the satisfying feeling of domination over another person.//Maybe it is hormones,cause I have excess Testosterone , but it is still an interesting and plausible theory.
Growing up I had some anger issues, namely surrounding competitiveness and, once I got my license, road rage. But I've worked on those and I really don't struggle with those things anymore. I've been working on being a more relaxed and "let it slide" kind of person, and I think I've achieved success in that.  However, out in public I often find myself getting into confrontations with people. If someone slights me in some way, or does something like blow by me in a crosswalk, I can't help but react aggressively.  Now I could easily just start letting these things go and hold back my aggression, but I'm not sure if I should/want to do that. Because you obviously need to hold your own in some circumstances.  My problem is...how do I figure out which circumstances? Where do you draw the line? What things should you let go and what things should you not?
So I went to the gym to run to try and blow off some steam.  I don't bother signing up for a treadmill because all three were empty.  25 minutes later I'm being hounded by a guy and his daughter to get off because she signed up for my treadmill.  Well - I'm basically done so I say ok, give me some time to cool down and I'll leave.  3 minutes later I'm being hounded again.  So I tell the guy he's being rude and someone ought to teach him some manners.  Well it basically turned into a yelling match.  Fast forward to now. I feel like shit.  I even feel bad for this guy.  I'm embarrassed and ashamed.  Really I'm not sure what came over me.  I really think I should do better at my age.  
I was raised in a really unusual household. My grandparents (maternal grandmother and mother's stepfather) raised my sister and me and different combinations of other family members lived with us at different points. Sometimes my mother and uncle lived with us, sometimes my grandfather didn't live with us, just always changing. The one thing that remained the same was yelling and screaming. Everyone in my family had a short fuse and the answer was always to scream our frustration at each other at full volume. To be honest, I thought this was how everyone lived for my whole life. In fact, I think I was probably 19 or 20 years old before I realized that it wasn't true.Naturally, as I got older and started dealing with frustrations in my relationships with people outside of my family, I went straight to screaming at the top of my lungs. As you might imagine, a lot of people think you're insane or they just shut down and don't hear you at all. This only made things worse for me. This was my only form of expression and now it was basically meaningless. I felt completely disabled. I'm in a relationship now with a great guy who tries really hard to work with me on our relationship but the one thing he can't tolerate, like most people, is screaming. Last night, in the middle of an argument, he called me a "psycho". I should have noted this earlier but my mother was schizophrenic and a lot of people used to call her a psycho when I was a kid. So obviously this is a trigger for me. I just lost it. I'm always just losing my shit and feel like I have no control and the anger just comes over me. I've been trying really hard to stop my screaming but it usually just comes out as about 15 seconds of whisper screaming before I just go straight to full volume screaming instead. It comes on so quickly, I don't even know how to catch it let alone stop it. I feel like it's a speeding car that blows by me standing there on the side of the highway and I couldn't possibly flag it down before it just gets away from me.I guess I am just hoping someone here has some advice on stopping this zero to sixty outburst type of behavior. I can't keep doing this.
So when I used to fail or lose I usually got really pissed off. Over the course of a couple months I took a break and started reading how not to get angry, I came back to what made me angry, played some people online and I never got angry. I became a pretty good loser and winner. However when playing with these friends again, they would constantly remind me of times when I was really angry.I'll give an example, a random factor of a video game kills me, there's nothing I could have done and all my friends would say "Are you coming off?" "lol you gonna scream like last time?" And this would constantly happen.If you've ever played a game like counterstrike, you know you die at least 20ish times usually if you're having a good game. Now when every single time I die, I get someone chiming in "you getting angry?" or reminding me of when I used to get really pissed off, it comes back and I start getting super pissy again.How do I stop this? / How do I make them forget?
My family all have issues with anger and short fuses, and they would often blow up and me and each other when I was younger. I thought this was normal until a few years ago, when it became clear this didn't happen in anyone else's families.I had anger issues as well when I was a teenager, and would regularly explode with anger at my friends. I have got that under control now and no longer lash out at people. I worry that I'm suppressing something though. More and more recently I'm experiencing flashes of really intense anger towards strangers who do something minor like cut me off or walk slowly in front of me on the street. I have these really awful angry thoughts towards them, in which I insult them and think about doing violent things to them.This is sort of worrying me.  
I love competitive games like Street Fighter or Pokken Tournament or the like, but I just can't play them and come out happy 90% of the time. I'm a sore, sore loser and it's not only affecting how I preform but it's just affecting my mental health. It's not healthy for me to continue acting like this, and I'm worrying my friends.What do I do? How can I stop getting mad and just start learning to calm down? I really don't want to be like this, it's mentally exhausting and it makes me upset to...well, BE upset.
I've been struggling with some coursework in history for a while, and whenever I try and get help from my teachers they just give me fucking vague advice like "you need to do stuff with this". Explain to me what fucking "stuff" means?Then they'll mock me in front of the class, and the fucking majority of them laugh. This shit pisses me off, and because I'm too angry, I don't even try and confront them because I will escalate that shit higher.I'm sick of being fucking mocked in front of my class, sick of being made feel like shit or like I'm less intelligent because I can't do one thing... don't even feel like going back to school. I don't need the fucking grades. 
I know it's illegal to beat someone up even if they hurt me, and immoral too, but I like to transfer the indignation I feel at people who disrespect me and take the rage out on the nearest non-organic matter. Tonight it was a fence since some girl gave me looks like i was a creep which being on 0 hours sleep reduced me to tears and reminded me of some painful losses in life. Other times it has been doors, windows, trees, gates, chairs, cars and so on. Sometimes I simply scream down the road challenging people to try and fuck with me. If I feel my life is in danger I will say that I have one power left, the right to take my life by my hand, and no one NO ONE is going to take that away from me by deciding the terms of my ending first. I am yet to vandalise or cause damage to property which would technically be a form of theft in UK law, but I do look weird when I do so. What can I do about this? 
Disclamer: The following post is meant for entertainment purposes only and is not to be taken as literal or an admission of committing any acts, criminal or otherwiseHad a tough morning. Was driving to work and someone was riding my ass. I drive this street to work every day and know it well. I brake checked the person to get them off me, and it helped a little bit until...We pass through a traffic light and up ahead the road goes down to one lane. I'm in the right lane. Person cuts out and tries to block me from getting in the lane. I wasnt holding up traffic or driving slowly, quite the contrary, i'm a pretty quick driver.I look over and see this person, with this kind of 'screw the world' look on their face as they try to cut in front of me.I start lane changing towards them, which was a risky move, but they moved and started honking at me. This is when I lost it. You ride my ass, try to cut me off and then honk at me? fuck that.stopped the car, with them behind me... I got out and went over to their car and just yelled at them for a second, and slammed the car window and the hood. No damage to the car. I saw them going for their cell phone as i walked back to the car. I knew they were probably calling the cops or at least reporting me.I kept on my drive, and they followed.Up ahead there was a cop which I slowly passed. The car behind me pulled up beside the cop. I didnt see it but they exchanged words and then shortly after the cop pulled me over. Nice guy, asked me what happened and I explained. Cop pointed out the obvious that its never a good idea to get out of your car and confront someone. I didn't even need him to finish his sentence to know i was a total idiot. the Cop was super nice, told me to take it easy and to get to work.looking back, I lost control in that moment this morning; i didn't think before acting, i just got out of the car and did that. Now i'm at work thinking about it. Totally ashamed, and concerned about my anger issues.Been fighting a lot with my SO lately. (verbal). super frustrated and the relationship has been tough on me for the past two years. I feel like it's bubbling up in my life now. My temper has been short with my SO for awhile now. I dont seem to have any patience anymore.Just needed to confess this. I know I need to work on this. Going to try getting back to meditation and seeing if that has a significant improvement. Therapy is another thing i've been considering, to address the anger issues but also to discuss my relationship with my SO.Feels good to vent, but super disappointed in myself. Thanks for reading.Edit: the cop was super nice and let me go.
Warning: long post.Today I had a mini-fight with my wife.I was supposed to pick her up at the place where she does social service at 2:30 pm. Instead, I drove to her school (she's a law student) and waited for her.At the agreed pick-up time, she calls me, I tell her the details of where I'm parked, then she tells me she's not at school, in a very surprised tone.A second later I get the fact that I'm at the wrong place (more of that later). Then she curses to herself, I take that personally and tell her to not be angry and I'm on my way to pick-up her.What should be a 5-minute drive translates to 25 minutes later (rush hour traffic, 36 celsius sun, bad drivers, you know the deal) I pick-up her, she's really angry.On the way back home, we argue a bit, she questions how it is possible that I was at the wrong place -I still don't know how-. Then silence breaks in.When we get home, she gets to cook inmediately, -for me and her two visiting brothers-, as she needs to leave for school in 2 hours. We don't talk at all.A few hours have passed, she's still super angry, at school.Analyzing the situation, seems like it was a bad combination:* We both didn't had any food at all, not even breakfast as we got up very late* Temperature was 38 celsius* We haven't had good sleep in two weeks* She spent all morning at morning school and social service* I spent all morning doing errands* I was very slow of mind* My wife likes to control things, -her own acdepted words-Wondering if I have anger issues, reading this sub, APA site and others; seems like I do have anger issues:* React with sarcasm to situations* Short fuse around ~50% of the time* Feel angry & anxious when driving, but keep it to myself* Disfunctional parents family* Swallowed deaths of brothers instead of talking to people* Other old unresolved family issues* Small irrelevant things make me angry, even software bugs!!We need counseling & professional help, what do you think?
I am a rager. Have been my whole life. I'm married now and really trying to change my behavior when I get mad. I just had an incident at the park that left me cussing at my Husband calling him stupid and walking home alone. I am still mad, yes, but my anger is not about my Husband. I just took it out on him. Not to say that cussing at him and calling him stupid is okay in any way, and I may be celebrating a small, very small victory here, but it could have been much worse. So I get home and have some time to unwind before my Husband comes back. Using all of the knowledge I have gained from researching anger online, I have realized what made me mad, and how I could have responded in a more appropriate way. I also was able to formulate a healthy apology for my partner when he did get home so as not to continue torturing him as my 'punching' bag. He was surprised at the new behavior but he did not mention it. He knows I am making a huge effort and he is nice enough not to throw it in my face when he can see me struggling to keep it together. So anyway friends, I just wanted to share this so you can see that it really is possible to control this wild rage inside of us. I will get better, and I will celebrate along the way :)
My older sister hasn't had her on labtop working  for at least 2 years (and refuses to pay for it to be fixed)and recently she has decided to start doing work on my desktop with my mom's go ahead. I was OK with her doing it until it started getting in the way of me hanging out with my friends.  I tried making a schedule with her but she has begun to take more days. Even when she is working she is on her phone that's because she had ADD and it takes her longer to complete her work . I try to understand her but when I ask for time when she will be done she  tells me in a  hour and when it's time tells me she needsaid more and gets back to  work after 30 mins on the phone. It makes me want to punch her because  she is so condescending  when she talks about my games and friends not being as important  as her work. How do I control my angerror and learn to empathize  with her add ?
People say 'just don't do things that make you angry', however everything does. Anything that I actually put time into (which you need to do really to enjoy it fully imo) ends up making me fustrated and angry. It is for different reasons for different things; sometimes I just cannot play/do things for fun and have to be competitive, and I can only enjoy things when I do well at them or I win at them. I don't know why. I try to go into things with a mindset of "I'm just doing this for fun." but in the end I just lose my temper again.Even menial tasks which just waste time make me angry if they go wrong for whatever reason, so I am not sure what to do. Anything worth my time makes me angry, and I can't just spend all my life staring at a wall not moving or doing anything because that is counter-productive towards my education, however anything else makes me lose my temper. I cannot control the urge to, for example, win and be overly competitive (even in non-competitive situations or just against myself or an AI) and I am not sure what to do. Even when talking to friends I get angry, however then I have to suppress it which just makes me feel depressed.What should I do?
Yeah, I was a victim of something like this myself... but reading posts about people planning to cheat on their SO or who have done it and are proud of it never angered me the way it does now. It's the one thing I wouldn't forgive. I'd forgive anything but cheating. Once cheating occurs, that person is simply no longer the same person... at least for me. Once the person cheats, it's as if the person dies and gets replaced by a cheater-version who is identical but forever has the stench of cheating. Also cheating is the ultimate deal breaker, because if a cheater does it once, that cheater will find it much harder not to do it again or to the next person unfortunate enough to fall to them. I apologize if this comes as a shock or offense to anyone, but cheating is cheating, and I've been wanting to let my opinions on this out for about a month. Yep, she was perfect and flawless until she cheated... how I found out? That's a whole other story... i'd rather not discuss because no one will probably believe me.
hey guys, it seems that the main target of my anger is my mother, i just cannot handle her awful comments about my life and about anything, i explode and say bad things to her, this is happening EVERY day since my 20 years old (i'm 22).I had a break up recently because of nothing, i just got extremely angry with her because of absolutely nothing! And that is the 10 time i did that, i just don't know why i have so much anger of her, i really don't know.
https://youtu.be/eWm4YxY2pSM
I have always had a bad temper as a kid but I just turned 24 and the reality of my actions are catching up with me quickly. Friday my SO and a group of friends went out for drinks and I guess because it was my birthday I let my guard down and had more then a few too many. The night resulted in an argument with my SO (at my parents home) and me punching a glass picture frame which put me in the hospital all night with stitches in my hand. I am by no means justifying my reaction but my SO (F/24) during the argument punched me hard in the ribs which is extremely out of character for her. Just to clarify I did not lay my hands on her at all nor did I have any intention to do so. This is not the first time an argument has landed me in the hospital. Two years ago we had another drunk argument that resulted in me punching a wall and breaking a few bones in my hand. I know I'm an idiot. For the most part my angry outburst are fueled by drinking and I know that it's something I need to address before someone gets hurt. Both her and my parents are at the tipping point where if this behavior continues then they are ready to be done with me. I don't blame them, I take completely responsibility for my actions. I just don't know what to do to stop this. I absolutely love my SO and would be devastated if she left me. I realize I have a problem but I just don't know where to start. I am not an alcoholic and I don't act this way every time I drink. Something has to change though. Thanks for listening reddit, it's been hard for me to open up about this. 
why is it i never hear about alcoholics killing themselves or asking for forgiveness, or (probably most important) GOING THE FUCK AWAY. Any decent person would try and start a new life somewhere else after fucking up the one they already had. not my half brother, the prick. im still dwelling on this bullshit he pulled last april. i tried but i just CAN"T get over it. i tried forgiving him and ignoring him but thats just it HE is the fucking problem and HE should leave. 
My wife and I were happy after shopping and entered Sushi Land. We waited for couple minutes and got seats. There were plenty seats and I didn't want to seat besides another couple because I wanted to have more privacy. To give you context Sushi Land seats are in a line, all people sitting facing the same direction in front of plate pipeline, like "ABCD__". That couple were A,B; I was C; my wife was D. I hoped us to leave an empty seat to the right of B, but my wife says let's seat next to them so we won't waste empty seats for people coming in later. I didn't agree and insists to leave a seat. Then my wife seated to my left, next to the couple. I got so upset for no reason and asked her to move to my right so to leave an empty seat space away from that couple. I noticed that couple has quickly looked at our situation. They were chatting quietly and happily but I felt we are publicly disgraceful and they already know we were having an unpleasant situation - I felt ashamed of this. She didn't want to move. I suddenly left the restaurant.  After 10 seconds I felt I was much ado about nothing so I re-entered, seated in the original seat. I started to complain about lack of privacy, and she didn't listen to me, didn't make things "in my way", "force us to seat next to others"; I even blindly randomly picked expensive sushi plates that I never ate before, just to let out steam. I quickly emptied 2 plates in a row without sparing a roll to her. That pissed her off and she had tears in eyes and said she was stomach twisted and needed some time to calm down before she could continue eating. After a minute she said yes let's move and I said no don't move since you already sit hear, but she still forced to shift our plates/cups to one seat to the right, regardless my disagreement. I saw the couple to our left quickly looked at our situation then continued with there business, but I felt they must have been thinking "look at this dramatic couple" and I was so ashamed. All I was thinking was "omg we appear so rude by moving away from that couple, my wife behaves as if she doesn't like to sit next to them, but that couple are really innocent, we are so rude!" So ashamed that I couldn't hold my face there anymore, I had to leave, I couldn't face that couple. So I told her I couldn't eat anymore because I felt we were too unpolite to our neighbors, and I needed to go out for a walk. Then I went out the restaurant and left my wife all alone. Then I felt so ashamed and felt sad because things are messed up, I decided to punish myself a bit by running home. I messaged her my decision and she still asked me to go back to continue the dinner but I couldn't. I said "I'm walking home alone. We already sit next to that couple, it's very rude to move away in the face of them. I feel so ashamed I couldn't stay there any more. That couple didn't do anything wrong to us, we moved away as if we dislike them, it's so unpolite. It's different if we didn't sit next to each other in the first place, which is to respect our own privacy."My wife's message "do you know them? they don't even know what we say. They didn't even look at us." "You show cold face for the sake of so-called "face" in front of strangers'" "I messaged "I already told you don't move, you still insisted to move, didn't care about my feeling again and again, see that pushes me away now"She messaged "Don't be angry for such random little things, you need to learn to control your emotion"I messaged "You don't consider my feelings, I have no other way, and I don't blame you"She still messaged to ask me to go back, but my phone's battery died then. It took me 40minutes running to arrive home with sweat. My wife was already home.I said I apologize for losing temper, for making her concerned about my safety without letting her know that my phone was gonna die soon. I also said DON'T FORCE MEShe said "i will never force you again. I rarely do so before. I was trying to be considerate to other restaurant customers. I couldn't understand your shamefulness, it's like punishing me for the sake of your face in front of strangers, to bad. The Sushi Land waiter even came to me asking me are you ok, and I said yes I'm ok." "You should have a bigger heart, bigger capacity, don't be easily angry"That's the whole drama. My worst performance over the 3 years since I met her. My worst public performance ever. Please, help me, how could I improve my emotional control! How could I enlarge my capacity, to have a bigger heart, not a narrow minded crazy little despicable person!Please, psychologists, counselors and analyzers, analyze me, dissect me, What's Wrong with me? What can I do to improve? How can I make sure I never behave like this ever?To give some cultural background both my wife and I are 35, married for 3 years, I'm new Chinese immigrant from China, she came to US since grade 9. My dad is stubborn, very unflexible, very abrupt, easily angry, caring about face. I don't hate my dad since I thought I'm able to change my character myself and get rid of family curse. My wife's parents are almost perfect except that her mom is also sooo considerate to others that she sometimes forces her family members to do things for the sake of themselves.
I've been in a difficult relationship for the past couple of years due to my SO's periodic fits of rage. My partner has chronic pains and several traumatic experiences in the past. Also some mental disorders in the family.The rage usually comes after a build-up of ever more intense love and happiness, to the point of being a bit strange. It's then unleashed with full fury and takes a couple of days to normalise before the cycle starts again. The "reasons" vary from jealousy to random events interpreted as proof of not caring, but usually abandonment related.When I first met my SO's parents, the father was very similar. Due to other relatives suffering from mental health issues, I assumed it was genetic and simply a personality trait one is born with. This was early in the relationship, so I didn't think too much about it and hadn't noticed any patterns yet, just the occasional outbursts.The parents have this strange little dog which behaves very erratically, alternating between wagging it's tail and being super friendly, then suddenly snarling and biting and acting terrified, but with no rational pattern to it(not afraid of hands or anything in particular I could notice). I thought at the time that maybe they were hitting the dog, but then it should be a more systematic response. This poor thing was completely confused.Two years later, it just dawned on me that the dog had the exact same symptoms as my SO, dog versions, but same nonetheless. Now I'm pretty convinced this is all trained behavior due to inconsistent(abusive) reward and punishment. It would also be hereditary in the family, but not genetic and not treatable with medication! But it must be treatable somehow? My SO is very skilled artistically and says that meditation helps, so I'm encouraging more meditative activities, but was wondering if anyone else has had similar experiences? I can't really mention similarities to the dog in any tactful manner without causing thermonuclear war.Tldr; Just realised SO has same symptoms of abuse as parents dog, now wondering how to communicate observation...
I don't what happened. I've never done that and never want to again. We've been seeing each other for the past few weeks, and I really liked her. Last night she called me "a bitch" for some reason, I don't even remember what, but I snapped in that moment. I spent a long time defending myself from comments like that. I pulled her down on my bed, put a hand around her neck and slapped her across the face. Just one, not with any intention on hurting her and no marks, not that it makes things any better. I guess my angry brain thought this was the proper way to show I wasn't a bitch... I immediately saw shocked and scared she was by me. We tried to talk about the moment for a bit, but my words just kept digging the hole deeper (trying to find explanations/defenses of my anger for which there are none) and she left soon after it all happened. I apologized later, to which she accepted but also stated she did not want to see me romantically anymore. I wasn't surprised.This is the 3rd relationship or potential relationship I can blame ending almost solely on me blowing up in anger at something. But the first time I've ever gotten physical and that's what scares me the most. Passing a threshold I always kept...  Sorry, I'm just venting. EDIT: Thank you to everyone who responded. Even the more extreme ones. Many of you have undoubtly worse pictures in your head of this event then what actually occurred. That's fine. I've since spoken face to face with this girl (at her request, a meeting I was hesitant to take) and she does not fear for her life, nor do I belive I've permentantly scarred her view of men. She made it clear she is not scared of me as a person, but is absolutely fearful of creating strong emotional ties with me. Again, I expected nothing less. She claimed we wanted to keep our friendship and  I explained to her that I thought it'd be best if we didn't see each other again platonically or otherwise, at least not for a while, as I try to sort out my anger. For the record, to some of you who think I'm a horrible person who should rot in prison or worse, let me just say I know first hand what systematic domestic abuse looks like. My mother is missing three real teeth and I watched exactly how hard my father had to punch her for them to fly out. I also know that I am my fathers son. And that's what scares me. I've worked hard to not me like him, it's been easier sometimes than others, but never before have see the monsters in him so clearly in myself. I did cross a line, even if not deeply, from which I can't return. But that doesn't mean I need to keep traveling down the path.
I hate what it does to me just one trigger and I go hulk mad :( usually I'm a nice kind person but this demon in me it's not me
First, background on me that will give insight to where I am right now and how I got here: My mother was a drug addict and was not a part of my life after 5 years old. I never cultivated a relationship with my stepmother. My childhood was not happy- it was filled with abuse (physical and verbal), anger, and resentment. Nobody could ever amicably disagree in my home- every little issue turned into all-out war and only ended when the parties involved were too tired to fight anymore....there was never any real resolution. As soon as I turned 18, I got out of there. Despite my escape, these dynamics carried over to any relationships I had. As a result, I would disconnect and avoid having any real relationships for most of my life.My wife and I met ten years ago. I had never met anyone quite like her, and we had a whirlwind romance. Within 15 months, we were married and had a child. Two years later, we had a second child. When times were good, they were really good. We understand each other and laugh and carry on like there's nobody else in the world. However, when things go bad, they go very bad and it's only been getting worse.I've come to realize that the main issue in our marriage is my anger. We have problems and trouble in our marriage just like anybody else, but whenever one of us tries to address any of these issues, the tension quickly rises and I end up getting angry- I lash out, hurl insults, punch walls/doors, etc., until we just can't do it anymore. I end up then apologizing and trying to make up for my behavior and as a result, whatever our original problem was never gets addressed. After a few years of this, we started withdrawing from each other instead of even trying to address the issues. Our relationship cycle for quite some years has been this: good times-tension-withdrawal-frustration-resentment-blowout fight-apologies-reconciliation-good times, and round and round. We are both tired of this cycle, but my wife is especially worn out.Over the past two years, she has mentioned divorce a handful of times when we are in the midst of the bad, and who would blame her? Obviously, we have always reconciled before we actually separate so far, but this time is different. After sleeping on the couch for a week due to tension that neither of us would address, we had our last blowout on tuesday, complete with a full-on temper tantrum by me. My wife has said she is officially done. We have split the money in our joint checking account, moving it to our separate accounts, rushed our tax returns to our accountant, and I have started looking for apartments. I have moved into our home office in the meantime. We don't speak- we only communicate via text and email about logistical issues. In fact, she said she's not interested in speaking to me anymore without a moderator present. We will at least all sit at the same dinner table, but as soon as the kids go to bed, we shut off the lights and she goes to the bedroom and I go to the office. Zero personal interaction. This is the worst it's ever been.I have looked for help before. I was seeing a therapist for a time, but we never got deep enough into getting my anger under control before our insurance changed and mental health is no longer covered. We talked a lot about my childhood, I cried a lot and got a lot of that out, and also came away with some tools to help connect with my wife more, which helped for a bit. I've also read quite a bit on successful marriage, which has given me some insight on our relationship, but has not helped me with my anger. My intentions have always been good and true, but a bit misdirected. As much as we would try to help our marriage, any progress we would make was stifled by my behavior.So what it comes down to is this: I realize that I'm never going to make any progress in my life without getting my anger under control. I was hoping to find anger or rageaholics anonymous meetings, but there are none in my area...at least none that I can find. Like I said, my insurance is an issue, and any affordable group therapy i can find seems geared toward people getting court-mandated education after domestic violence and/or child abuse convictions. I've never hit my wife or kids, and those type of programs just seems like a "rubber stamp" type of deal instead of actual therapy for real people looking for help. I come here hoping that one of you may have been in the same situation as me and can offer a little direction to little-or-no cost resources that could help me.I don't expect my wife to forgive me- she's done that enough, and frankly, I don't deserve it. I don't even expect (nor will I ask) her to participate in any therapy or other personal improvement endeavors I choose to take on. But for my personal well being, as well as for the future of my children, I need to fix this the best I can right now. If I somehow win my wife back in the process, then it's a bonus.Any way any of y'all could help would be greatly appreciated.tl;dr- those of you that suffer with anger issues- how do you cope?
Update: So apparently my dad was overreacting to the situation at the time and after some discussion with his sister they agreed it'd actually be more helpful for him to send money. None of this is happening, I'm dodging a bullet, holy shit I can breathe, but thank you u/Thiissguuyy/ for the advice anyways.Still want to bludgeon the guy who abandoned my aunt though.
I get angry and I scream at the people I care about. I throw and hit things and sometimes people and I hate it and want to change because it's ruining my life but I don't even know what do be doing instead of these destructive behaviors or how to stop. 
I admittedly have anger issues, I've never hit anyone or have done anything bad, but when I get mad I yell and scream and have a short temper, typical type A personality. I also have anxiety issues and when you couple that with anger it really feels like you are being suffocated when you get angry.I also go to therapy and take celexa for those issues. The only people that really know about this are my parents and my girlfriend. My question is, do people that are close to you that do stuff to legitimately make you angry and then blame you and your anger issues rather than seeing they did something to make you mad?I ask this because I really do not have the best relationship with my mom, we have tried to repair it, but she just does and says nasty stuff, makes inappropriate comments, and pushes me. My mom never used to be like this, I'm turning 24 now and all of this started when I turned around 13 or 14. The best analogy I can use is Tom and Jerry where the mouse pushes the cat and then the dog jumps in on behalf of the mouse. The dog being my dad. Any advice on how to deal with this kind of stuff, because I'd say this is like 95% of the reason for my anxiety/anger issues.
I usually get rly angry at myself and other ppl more often than I'd like to admit. Usually its the little things that always make me angry such as not getting good grades or ppl being playful with me or not being able to perform when needed(for anything) and it just always ticks me off. I think I care too much about little things in life not going my way and it ALWAYS makes me angry. How can I fix this? Its made life rly unenjoyable at the most random times.
Hello /r/anger. This past week I have gone through an extremely difficult break up. There were plenty reasons for it, but the center of it was his anger. He even said it himself that he was tired of the way he got angry all the time at me, what it caused him to do, etc. There was name calling, cursing, threats of leaving for another, being cheated on, etc. Plenty of things. But even knowing that his anger was something that I cannot control, I still place the blame on me. I was not able to calm him down when he started yelling. I didn't know what to say or do, how to act when his sprees started. I get scared because I know the reason he gets angry is because of me. I can't just say "Can you please calm down?" or get bad at him back hoping that seeing anger embodied in another person other than himself would help. No, I would stay quiet. I wouldn't stop him from yelling at me, saying down right awful things to me. The reason we broke up is because of me. I still care about this person very much and I know that I cannot help someone who doesn't want my help. How do you help yourself or someone you care about realize their anger? How do you help them deal with it, if at all? I would love to hear your thoughts. 
My boyfriend has been diagnosed and is being treated for bipolar disorder, and has bad anger problems. I don't think I really need to describe what this entails, because I think most of you understand what he is going through.We will be moving in together soon, and I would like some tips on how to deal with him when he starts to get heated. Is there something someone does that calms you down? Luckily, I am very hard to anger and I have a soft voice, so we work out very well, but there are times where he has been too much for me to handle and I've had to walk away. Is that the best solution or should I stay there with him?
I have a temper problem. I have at times been incredibly mean to my loved ones and bullied them, always worsening the situation, of course. I'm a fairly big guy and I would never hurt someone (and have never), but I think I scare those around me at times. It literally breaks my heart. I want to not be that guy so badly. I don't know how to go back to being happy and chill. I can see that because I'm not very happy with the way things are going in my life right now, I get pissed off much more easily. When I was younger I used to drink quite a bit and I felt like I was a fun-young-bro-so-it-was-totally-chill, if that makes sense. I don't really think I had a problem, as it was very easy to curb my habits when I decided I wanted to, but I feel as though being sober most of the time has made me MORE angry more easily than before. Maybe I was numbing my issues and using weed and alcohol to avoid them, but either way, I always feel so terrible immediately after and sometimes for weeks or months at a time. How do you stop? 
lately when i feel depressed almost alway i feel angry right after, soo angry, about anything, does that happen to everyone? 
**tl;dr: 17-male, often angry, screams at other person, need advice**I always visualize myself and keep telling myself when some one or something makes me angry the next time I shouldn't scream like a stray dog.But when anger strikes in, I shout like anything. I want to rectify this.Whenever I scream, within 30-50 minutes I feel depressed of how stupid I was to scream at the other person.When I say person, if refers to my friends and sometimes even my mom.My mom and my friends accept this as my flaw and when I go apologize to them the next time, they understand.But I want to become a better person.I don't want to scream whenever I get mad.Sometimes it's  for the very small things. This is just really sad and I don't know what to do.I have been having this since I was like 15, but I thought it was just a phase. 2 years later, I am still unable to change myself.I mean, I can be disturbed and get rage issues for something very futile and it bothers me later.I can't seem to identify what is the reason. I first put up a chart to find when I seem to be very angry. It was mostly when I didn't like the food at my house. But then, I observed this is even with good food. Seeing a doctor for this is not really an option for me as my mom doesn't approve (she herself is a dentist).I will be so thankful to people who can help me change. Please, I really want to!
Something happened at work and I found myself in direct opposition with a. She wanted to do A, I wanted to do B, nobody wanted to back down. I finally gave in and did A, though in the most obviously reluctant way I could manage while keeping a professional facade.Now that the anger is cooling down, I'm facing uncomfortable truths :* I acted like conceding the point was me being generous/accommodating but it sure as hell wasn't. The truth is she was right, I was wrong, and when it became obvious, I gave up an undefendable position in a ridiculous way, trying to protect my bruised ego (of course, in the heat of the moment I was feeling justified) . * How I handled the task afterwards was plain childish. No comment. Now I'm angry, but at myself. What I just told you is a sample of a recurring problem. I don't like being this kind of guy. Why do I behave like this? What can I do to make it better?  
I really hate incompetent people, especially those which you are counting on, Im trying hard not to go off on them so tell me what I should do about it
Alright so I just had plans for the weekend and my parents remembered they grounded me (they are divorced) cause my idiot ex-friend almost got me suspended last week, my other friend keeps hitting me but I'm trying to stay off the radar at school so I don't hit him back, partly because of that and partly because he backs away every time I go on to him.And my sister just called me and she said "if you tell me why your grounded I'll tell you something else" I said no.She blurted out "Moms boyfriend is moving in" I hung up and now I'm furious and it's taking all of my self control to keep calm.
I'm in an unavoidable situation where I am confronted on a daily basis with the most vicious manner of verbal abuse and threats of violence imaginable.  These are random and unpredictable events, so I cannot prepare myself ahead of time and they are absolutely unavoidable.  I cannot physically remove myself from these events before, during or after they occur.  I am prohibited from verbally defending myself or retaliating.  I need a VERY reliable technique to dissipate the physical and mental rage very quickly without demonstrating any discernible reaction.  Again, I must stress, I cannot avoid, alter or remove myself from this situation - it's not an option.

Sorry if this is the wrong sub, but I really need to vent before I explode.I rarely get angry, but when I do get angry, I am destructive. I am in my technology class and I have a note to leave early. I POLITELY asked my teacher if I could go to the office to turn it in because I have to leave soon. Every other time I've asked, he has said yes, but now, he decides to say no. We then get into an argument and I'm about to explode and yell and curse at him, but I stop myself and just sit down. Now I can feel more anger just building up inside of me. I can feel the anger and anxiety inside of me. I don't why this made me so angry, as I typically don't get angry. What do I do?
Hello, I'm new to this sub & have decided to try it out. I've had problems with anger since childhood, which could possibly be attributed to a fall I suffered as a toddler.Anyway, I have my anger mostly under control (according to me) through many years of research that I have done. Unfortunately, I do occasionally come upon triggers that anger me. I can trick myself into thinking rationally, but fail when attempting to calm myself. One such trigger is my education. Education is something I cherish greatly & I hope to be a decent scholar one day. Unfortunately, due to certain circumstances, I'm not currently enrolled in college, though I wish I was. When people ask when I'm going back (usually as a cheap joke) & know the situation, I become irrationally angry & extremely irritated, to the point of chest pain & shortness of breathe. I try to not respond & brush it off, but it angers me greatly, unfortunately.Does anyone have any way to calm down from this? I've tries counting, stimulants, & working out, which usually does the trick, but sometimes this comes up when it's not convenient for me to stop everything & do some pushups.
I would love some guidance.  I am a smart, successful, calm, and patient woman, until I am angry.  Although it doesn't happen often, when it does happen, I am filled with rage and often cannot hear or even see the other person with whom I'm mad.  And unfortunately, the victim tends to be my boyfriend of two years.Often times I don't even know what I'm saying to him during the "heat of the moment." I don't call names, but I do say hurtful things that wrench out my gut the next day when I recall them.  Most recently also, I have become violent.  I have broken things in the house, and pushed him.  One time I even (horrifyingly) slapped him in the face.  Sometimes alcohol is involved, sometimes it's not.  Sometimes I have been drinking, or he has, or we both have.I know that my anger comes from a place of hurt.  Sometimes I feel that it is because I feel ignored or not important to him.  Our most major fights come from the most minor things.  There is no lying, stealing, or cheating and we both carry equal weight in the relationship.  I don't necessarily blame him for my actions but I do wish there was something he could do to help me control myself, but ultimately I know that it is my responsibility.I have gone to a counselor in the past, we also have gone to a couples' counselor a few times and the anger has been discussed, but despite this, the anger is escalating.  I scare him; I scare myself.  I bought an "Anger Management" book but I haven't read it.  I think I need some type of support group or more major professional help.I am so worried that I will continue this self-destructive pattern which also is breaking my boyfriend's heart.  We love each other so much.  But I don't treat anyone else in this manner?  Why?  What can I do?
I was riding my bike on a shared trail today when I came across these 3 assholes taking up the entirety of the trail. I politely hollered "on your left" and they parted as I went through. However, this one kid got scared when I hollered out because it took him by surprise. Afraid of what his friends might think of him, he yelled out, mimicking my out-of-breath voice, saying "on your left" and they all chuckled.  I turned around and stared them down, which got them riled up. I called them some choice words and they told me to get off the bike to fight them. I said "fuck that, 3 on 1 I don't think so", and we exchanged more choice words before one of them started chasing me. I laughed and antagonized them further, we exchanged more choice words, and then I left.  At the point where the one guy started chasing me I wanted to get off of my bike and fight him so bad. Even looking back on it I kind of regret not doing it, even though I would've got the shit knocked out of me in a 3 on 1 fight. Part of me doesn't care what it would've cost to just get one punch in.  This isn't a unique situation, although I've never been in a fight before. Whenever I feel like I've suffered an injustice at the hands of somebody I can't prevent myself from confronting them in some way. My blood starts racing and I just want to completely fuck them up.  I''m worried one day I'm going to get myself in a very bad position because of my inability to back down, but I really don't know how to control my anger. I feel angry at the world, and like everyone's out trying to get me, so when something like this happens I almost revel in it because it  "confirms" my suspicions. 
To make a long story short, I've suffered with depression over the past year. I've pushed away many of my close friends, but still a few remained. One of these friends backstabbed me, at a time of anger, depression, and mental instability. Everytime I see him I have urges to push him up against the wall and beat the piss out of him. His laughter angers me. I enjoy the thoughts of his suffering. But I know I can't do what I want to him, because yknow, laws and jail are a thing. A part of me doesn't care about that, just wants to see him in pain, or dead, either or. I'm having trouble controlling these angry thoughts and urges, and so I look to you for help. I don't know how to go about this.
A while ago I was in the lunch line at school and after I put in my lunch code the lady told me to put it in. I said that I had already. Then she said, "evidently not" I put it in again and went on my way. When I think back on it I remember the kid in front of me not paying for his lunch, pausing for the right amount of time for her to put in what food he had, causing her to charge me for his meal. This isn't a big deal, but what makes me furious is how the lunch lady said "evidently not" like I was an idiot. I think it happened way too long ago to do anything about as buying two meals isn't that unheard of, but I just get unreasonably furious over this one.
I'm angry I can't beat 90 wpm typing, I'm angry I don't have a job, I'm angry that I'm not more good looking, I'm angry that I'm angry, I'm angry that I'm sitting here, in this town, I'm angry that I envision people judging me, I'm angry that I'm not perfect. I'm angry that she did those things to me. I'm angry that I get angry. I feel ashamed of getting angry. I feel embarrassed writing posts. like these that are dumb. I feel angry at not reaching expectations. I feel angry at feeling like I am not achieving. I feel angry for making people feel bad. I feel angry for not being where I want.
Lately, I've been arguing with my girlfriend quite often. Sometimes we work things out but most often I end up having what is called an adult temper tantrum. I've tried looking for advice but it's always from the perspective of the affected party. What do you guys do in order to stop these from happening so frequently?
Has anyone successfully let go of their repressed anger? I'm talking about the one that I've held in my unconscious for many years, that gets triggered whenever my mum does something, that makes me want to do bad things to her, that makes it impossible for me to calm down for a few hours, the one that destroys the inside of me, the one that causes depression and anxiety.And please no cop-out answers like exercising and/or meditation. I do do both of them and they are helpful, but they are temporary, are a tool to aid the problem, but do not tackle the source of the problem. I've also tried journalling / writing a letter, which does "let go" of the anger and I do feel relieved, but this is temporary and it returns in full force several hours later or the next day. Its just keeps coming back and back, and it's destroying me and my life.
I have so much anger built up inside of me, but I can't act on it. My head is clouded with fucked up thoughts, and things I want to do to people. I've built up so much hatred within myself, and I don't know how to cope. I use to take it out through boxing. Well, more like "boxing". It was just an excuse to beat the piss out of a heavy bag. My knuckles got cut pretty bad, but the pain helped relieve me of some anger. Had to stop that because family started getting upset. I've turned to food, and gained bout 10 kgs in 4 months. So how do you deal with it?
Hello. I was laid off about 4 months ago from my carpentry job in alberta canada. I had busted my ass to ensure that i would be able to stay with the company and not be on the shit list when it came time to cut dead weight. for two and half years i worked like a dog. most of the time out of town. there would be times i would be gone for upwards of 1 to 2 months. as a newly married man it was hard. i always missed my wife sleeping in hotels or in the cheapest place the company could find to put us up in. before my lay off i had taken a vacation. a vacation in which i was going to cancel if there wasn't going to be work for me to come back to but was told dont worry we have major work that needs to be done when you get back. they day i got back i was told there was no work for me and  that something would open up. i ended up working at the companies shop for a week before being told i was being laid off. 3 weeks before christmas. not only did i spend money on the vacation i had only had 1 weeks worth of work for 3 weeks worth of living so already i was eating into my savings. yesterday i looked on there website and noticed they had a posting for carpenters and postings for equipment operator which i had originally requested when times got slow. Now i have been trying to find a job in both the trades and the security and investigations fields due to experience in both however have been met with a great wall of silence. I wake each day at the same time to the same tasks and feel trapped in the same house. i am anger depressed frustrated and confused all in the same melding pot. i try to take up hobbies but get so angry when it doesn't work the way i want it. i feel shut in and angry at the world and with the feeling of no way to fix it. thank you for taking the time to read this 
I get pissed at all the bullshit people do around me.The shit they talk,comments they pass,the car drivers who dangerously cut me on the highway,assholes who wont stop walking in the middle of he road when I am walking,So much shit makes me wanna beat the hell out of someone.I am 20 years of age and have never been in a fight with anyone,but as I grew up I realised that a lot of people deserve a surprise right to their face for all the bullshit they do and say.What are your thoughts on this redditors? Do you eve have "one of those days" were you feel like a release is necessary in some form or other? 
When people do stuff that I don't like, it's hard to not feel upset.  Sometimes I just let it go to avoid confrontation, but still regret not saying anything and bottle my feelings up.  If you call them on it, they get defensive or just give you, "the look," like an "I don't care," "Whatever," or "What are you gonna do" look, and I still get upset and feel like I have no control over the situation at all.  It's like they're the devil, burning my soul at 100000000 degrees.   Most of the time it's just people being clueless to their surroundings, people texting while driving and being plain rude.  God, I just wish we could punch these people, but in their world, that would NEVER be okay.  It's almost like if you had to defend yourself physically (only the most extreme case, which is rare and hasn't happened to me before) they'd kill you in an instant if you tried to protect yourself or fight back.  The situations have never turned physical and I've never done anything harmful to anyone.  It's just that the people become reactive by being verbal or give you dirty looks and that always get me.  My heart starts racing because I'm both angry and scared.  Does anyone know what I mean here?  How do you not get angry and just let things go immediately?
I cannot control myself while I am angry.Seems like someone takes over me and destructive things happen automatically...last time this happened I nearly cut my wrist vein by shattering a door glass with my hand.Please someone help.
The world just loves to shit on me. I get pissed off WAY too easily normally, at just the smallest of things. I also don't have great self esteem, so even if were told 100 times a day that I'm beautiful, if I feel like I look bad, I'm hideous. I can barely play any games I love to usually play, because if something goes even the smallest bit wrong, I would normally just get kind of mad, and take a minute long break if it's too bad, but now I just went into a huge tantrum that I couldn't even help, and start crying and shouting. I hate myself for it. I feel so whiny and stupid and annoying >:( My period and hormones definitely aren't helping. I've even just now scratched and cut my arm, as well as trashed my room, which I never usually do. Any advice?
Basically, I'm a perfectionist. Everything MUST go according to how I expect it to turn out, otherwise I get extremely mad and self-harm by slapping myself hard with a plastic ruler, punching my head repeatedly, and considering having a small knife handy as cutting makes no noise contrary to the above methods, all while saying to myself something along the lines of 'you useless pile of fuck how did you fail only fucking idiots fail'. The worst thing in the world is someone rubbing it into me that I failed at something and that they're better than me at whatever it is I failed at. eg, my parents said 'see, told you not to speed, thats why you failed the driving test' or LoL teammates who tell me I'm shit at the game which makes it 20 times worse.Usually it triggers while playing league of legends and I'm not doing well in game, but I had worse breakdowns when I failed my driving test, lost my wallet, or failed a university subject. One good thing though is I never blame other people for my failure, my failure is my OWN fault and I like to rub it into myself to further punish myself for being a fucking incapable cunt.Moving away from the situation is unviable- in LoL, you cannot leave the game without severe penalties, you can't re-sit the failed attempt at the test, your university transcript is there for life etc. How is it possible to see failure as a good thing? All I get from failure is incapability, insufficiency, uselessness, jest, etc. 
Hello, my boyfriend is having emotional/mental problems and i have no idea what to do.Backstory- we are dating for 2 years now. and i have to say he is the sweetest, caring, taking care of my pets like babies/telling me i am beautiful every day kind of guy. but the problems stem from a completely different side. even before we got together i found out he hates his own apperance. a lot. he sometimes can't stand looking at himself nor can he tolerate a mirror. thats why he keeps saying the people who do like themselves are narcissists and that he only cares about the personality. which, ofcourse is very noble of him but sprouts from an unhealthy relationdship whith himself.when we got together he had controlling inlssues by suspecting I could be cheating on him because he found all the other guys to be 'better'or atleast compettitors to him.we slowly worked that out and he is now calm and never worries about that anymore, which is a good sign that he is working on issues and does not want to lose me.but the other problems prevail. They can basically be summed up by that -he finds thet he cant understand other people, that they will let him go, that even his friends betray him and prefer other friends to him and that the people are superficial animalistic beings that constantly let him down.and this shows in a horrific way, especially - and always- when he gets deunk. his face litterally turns dark and his grimace reflect anger pain dispair and agression. he sometimes quietly sits in dark and says nothing but when he does the things get nasty.He does that on parties (which we rarely attend so the drinking itself happens very rarely). It mostly shows when we go camping together (with a crew of HIS friends, mind you) and he is unable to be happy for those 5 annual days of friendly students having fun together at a camp site. which boggles my mind.he says he doesnt understand people and their jokes, he constantly fwars that he is being put down by the humour he is unable to process(as he says).he then gets agressive, cursing viciously fist punching things loudly cursing us and all the things around.the most painful thing is that in those moments his old nature comes back - all people are evil and i can ONLY COUNT ON MYSELF. the vicious behaviour is targeted at me aswell. i let him down, he's "heard wleveryrhing we were saying about him" and "he can and will do everything for him self, i should leave him be". he does not let me hug him he gets furious if i help him.he does not take me as his friend at those moments, the other pillar of his world like i do. he takes me as one of them, the people that made fun of him, that dont believe kn him and that let him down. he shows it also is my fault (when i ask him about it when hes acting like that, he does not tell me directly but lets out an evil grin and a belittlng sigh).and it hurts me to the point i feel my heart break every time. i beg him to behave and not to act this way towards me, that i cant handle it. I already have a disfunctional alcoholistic family (being 20 i still live with them. but he acts as he just cant help it, deal with it kind of response.when he gets sober he is not all that apologetic.he does not remember half of it, and as always, he is 100% sure he has a great memory and remembers it all. he keeps saying he heard us say stuff treat him bad, that i am blowing it out of proportions, askjng me "do you really think i am that bad??" "if i am that horrible leave me and let me spend my life in solitude, nobody cares about me"so when i get him to the edge of confrontation he dismisses it by being so self hating "i know im so horrible; i dont deserve you, just leave, i hate myself too".. that he is just unable to get better because instead of finding solutions his self hate gets even worst.      he once agreed to see a professional but later didnt do it because he is working really hard in college for excellent grades and he 'doesnt have time'and in my heart, i feel like i've gotten through atleast 4 breakups.I love him so much, my heart literally aches and i cant reach him in this dark haze.   i would want him to find a proffesional help but in my country i know there are a lot of shit ones and i am so afraid that if they let him down, its over.He gets self hating instead of    constructive in time of his worst he does not let me close but starts relying only on his "betrayed self" and gets agressive. he does not trust his friends and he doesnt take me as a part of the team. he just needs his alone time he says (which hurts me) but even when i do that hecomes back agressive and sad.          but let me remember you, every day when he is not drinking(340/356days a year) nor out with friends he is just the best boyfriend a girl could have. he is caring, has high morals, cherishes me, is so   proud of my achievements, tells me im the best thats happened to him, tells me im beautiful, comestome every weekend from.the other side of the town helps me with my horrific family by spending time with my brother, helps me cook clean do all of the 'furniture construction' things, suddles me all the time, goes out of his way to tell me that i should have alone time with my friends (completely worked out the jelousy issue) and tells me i cannot understand how blessed he is to finally have someone like me, someone who understands him and has high morals like he does. he really is the sweetest "teddy bear" kind of character. note also he never any kind of physichally hurt me!i truly believe he loves me and his problems all stem from some dark side of his mind that he is unable to work out because of his crippling self esteem and at the same time the feeling he can only trusts himself. I love him mor than my own life and i want to help him. please help me, what should i do?
Lately I've been having a really hard time managing my anger and stress levels. I've always been kind of hot headed but usually only at one thing at a time. Right now, I'm frustrated with pretty much all aspects of my life. I hate my job A LOT, I feel like I'm stuck in a rut and making no progress on my degree, and just have a general dissatisfaction with the trajectory my life is on. I can't quit my job because it provides me a place to live and I do not make enough money to support myself since it's only part time. There's not much I can do about my degree right now because of money and I had to retake classes after leaving mid semester for a death of a friend of mine. I don't have a lot of friends because of my anger problem and making more while I'm in this state of mind probably won't end well. There are a lot of other things but no one is probably interested in a novel. In the past year I've broken my hand twice from punching things. Most of my teeth have cracked from clenching them 24/7. It's just been a rough go since I moved from home, and normal people could cope with this stuff just fine. It feels really bad and makes me feel incompetent, which in turn feeds the anger more. Any kind of negative emotion just converts to blinding rage. The relaxation techniques don't work and I'm even starting to develop insomnia because I just get so worked up and can't let go no matter how hard I try. Letting go of things is probably my biggest issue. I've been hung up on some shit for years now. I can't deal with this anymore, it's slowly ruining my life and I'm scared I'm going to do something stupid one day and really ruin shit for myself. The most discouraging part of this is I cannot seek professional help due to my degree choice. It would be a black mark on my resume, and it is highly frowned upon to have anything resembling a mental illness. It's not something I'm willing to give up either. Does anyone have advice on making relaxation methods work? Or letting things go when you're as stubborn as a mule? How did you rebuild your life after you godzillad it? Are there any alternate techniques that worked for you?Thank you in advanced for any help/stories you are willing to share. 
When I was a teenager in the 80's and 90's (I stopped at 18) I used to find my anger being invoked into any sharp implement I could find. I needed to feel something. The blood was like paint and I loved finger painting so the feeling was like having a small stinging cut but then a huge deluge of goo would follow..Cool yet warm I would retreat into my mind where there was a warmth of feeling, a feeling of belonging to this blood I brought to the surface. I began to enjoy it. My first fall and cut knee was a thrill because it brought tears and there was attention involved by older people who surrounded me with concern. Neglected half my childhood, I relied on the attention of older adults to care for my wounds. That was, until I began to age and could take care of my own. I tended my brothers wounds when I was six. My dad taught me. As I realized my age was no longer a need to draw attention when I would fall, I noticed I could make myself bleed by picking scabs. It became an obsession which turned to cutting them deeper as I got into my teens.I started at 13 with cutting.  Around the time I told my mom a deep dark secret about being raped which happened in an elementary school bathroom when I was 6 maybe 8. I blocked it out so I don't remember my age. I know I was also sexually abused by my cousin around the same time and I have a tendency to mix the two.Shortly around then was an obsession with blood and cuts. At age 13, I saw a need to divert my anger into the cuts and reopen old wounds. When those healed I drew deeper. I began to see a pattern. I was angry at the feeling of being abandoned; neglected by my parents. Any kind of boy who liked me, scared me by showing or expressing his feelings. That made me go there. I was angry at the thought of being liked because what if they molested or raped me? That's all I knew! Knew how I could be taken advantage of. Any male scared me. Except my dad.Babysitting was no help if the husband of the family took me home. I couldn't sit comfortably. I shied away. Then when they found a way to talk to me and relate, I felt like I could relax but then it began to be so comfortable it was almost flirtatious and it was like I expected them to come on to me. None did. When they didn't it made me angry. See, I began to expect abuse but I also began to expect my advances would turn into something. It never did. That began more cutting. A vicious pattern that made my life unbearable up until I saw one person. One person doing what I was also doing. He showed me control. Introduced me to darker places. S and M. That began my decent into quitting the cutting. I was able to process the anger I had into tying up the men that I saw could be like the ones who hurt me and took advantage of and raped me. Boys who were two years or more older than me, five of them and more who watched. When I was little.I could tie up people like my cousin who had been an alcoholic and drug addict, who took advantage of me while I was sleeping. Still I have issues sleeping. There's nothing like the feeling of being woken up while someone is hurting your arms while they are trying to do things to you that you never asked for. A much different feeling when you are asleep and it's someone you love and trust who isn't hurting your body and wants to caress you and love on you for the sake of making love. I found a way out. There are times I am reminded after my break up in September, that I am who I am but I am no longer the victim. I no longer cut myself to feel. I have maintained control of my behavior and there are other ways I deal with my emotions. If you've been or have or still do cut, I am here to help you in any way I can. I'm sharing my story to help others who may have felt this way or can relate.I felt like cutting tonight. Instead, I write this all out for you to read. So don't. Breathe. Just breathe and send me a message.
So I've always had a strained relationship with my dad. Whenever he has a bad day he tends to be in a really shitty mood and get mad at the slightest things. Today he got into a bad argument with some employee at the local Fred Meyer so when he came home he was extra mad because he called Fred Meyer to complain to them and got nowhere. Okay, we all have bad days, why is that someone else's fault? Sadly though I admit I am very much like him and I despise that with a passion hotter than a thousand suns. So tonight I stood in front of him while he was watching the TV for a few short seconds and quickly moved and he got mad. I don't know why but he misreads practically every little thing I say to him as rude and disrespectful. I said in a calm manner that I was no longer in the way. He got mad and told me to apologize. Well, I refused. I've had it with him and his shitty mood 90% of the damn time. He said no more recording anything allowed for me because I have such a bad attitude.Lol, like I really give a shit if I can't record anything anymore. Ill just watch it on the computer thank you. He says I can pay the dish bill if I continue to act like this. You know what? I'm the one who actually wanted to ditch the dish because of their continuing to jack up the price and go to netflix. The reason why we still haven't switched to netflix after all this time is because every time he calls dish to cancel they kiss his ass and beg him not to leave by offering him some price lock. Which by the way only lasts a short time. As pointless as this part of the topic sounds, it has some relevance to why we are always butting heads with one another.I try to respect my dad, but I've had enough of him misreading everything I do as rude and disrespectful. Is responding in a calm manner that I was out of the way rude? I really don't see it that way. But that's my question, am I wrong here? I don't care about being right in arguments but I'm tired of him always trying to pick fights with me and telling me I'm wrong all the time and telling me what a selfish prick I am. Oh, and you're a perfect human being with no flaws then dad? That's another thing, my dad has issues similar to mine but he refuses to admit them. I admit that I am a imperfect human being who probably needs to have more counseling. Perhaps it's just a divine message that it's time for me to move out? My anger at him has been getting worse lately and I'm scared of losing control and doing something really stupid that Ill end up regretting. It's silly of me to ask complete strangers for an opinion, but I really have nobody to talk to about this. I can't talk to my mom about it because she will just go and tell my dad and make the situation worse. He's fed up with me, and frankly the feeling is mutual. Please give me your opinions. I am not willing to apologize since I wouldn't mean it, but I thought I should at least ask for some advice. 
I had a shitty fucking day today. Tldr some asshole told me to pull my shirt up like I'm his fucking daughter and said he didn't want to see "all that". One, there's nothing to see if you don't look, fucker. Two, my shirt doesn't even show that much cleavage. And three fuck you, I'll do with my tits what I want. Today has fucking sucked and I want to cry. I want to die. My brothers pissed me the fuck off mega use they don't listen, and of corse since they're mommas little fucking angels I get yelled at. So I punched my laptop in the screen because the charger wasn't working and now it's broken. Can that be fixed?  I have music and pictures on there I'll miss. 
My brother had a breakdown over a year ago and since then we knew he was bipolar, however after months of refusing to take meds and my mom not being able to force him since legally he is an adult, he has been getting worse and worse. He has gotten to the point where he is borderline schizophrenic since he believes he reads minds and has been aggressive. The days when he has his huge angry outburst usually happen on holidays. On the recent thanksgiving morning our family was watching tv and enjoying themselves, out of nowhere he started flipping tables and throwing around things my dad tried to hold him but then he was getting aggressive towards my dad so I tried to pull them apart, that was the point where he started to try and attack me. In the end we threw him out physically and locked the door. He threw bricks at the windows so my mom called the police and they didn't do much since he acted calm during their questioning. My mom wanted to kick him out but he told her it was so close to christman, new years and his birthday that it would make him feel better if he could leave after that, so my mom lets him stay. Fast forward to new years eve and he calls the cops because he believes that my cousin is endangering her son. The cops come and my mom tells them to really question him to see how off he is. They ask him how could my nephew tell him he is in danger when he can't talk, so my brother mentions he read his mind. He finally gets taken by the police and they give him an appointment to be prescribed meds. My mom negotiates for him to take it and he ends up skipping his appointments and continues to get worse. recently she bought him a laptop with the condition that he goes to his appointments and takes his meds. So he took them the first few weeks but steadily stopped. SO recently I tried to use positive reinforcement by having more conversations with him so he wouldn't feel so alone and more inclined to keep up with his meds. So I took him to a screening last week and he did ok and wasn't acting up. He hasn't been taking his meds this week and this week I ordered two pairs of boots since my cheap 20 dollar ones are tearing appart. Today I expect the order and he apparantly took the package so I broke into his room and found one pair, the other I'm guessing he has one and he is missing right now. Sorry for the long post but I'm just so frustrated at how I have tried time and again to help and he keeps on doing shit like this and he just won't get better. I know that my mom won't do much to help, if he ruins the pair he took I'm positive my mom's solution would to reimburse me, I'm just so mad because I think I've reached my full limit with him. I just don't want too keep on putting up this this bullshit if he's going to keep on stealing and keeping my mom frustrated. The problem is that she won't kick him out, he keeps on persuading her too keep him, he's 21 and won't get better. Positive reinforcement didn't do jack shit he's just going to keep on abusing our family and I'm so fucking sick of it.
This was made for the sole purpose of anonymity, but I could really use some help with this issue. Currently I am in a relationship with my girlfriend who has kids. One of the children has ADHD possibly other things but as far as we know definitely ADHD. Both of the children are a handful on a daily basis for the both of us and me trying to be a decent role model does not work when the kids refuse to listen, instead the hear. They will also throw massive temper tantrums when they do not get their way or literally break things on purpose and say "I don't know why I did it." All this sets me off extremely quick especially when they don't do as we ask them until we are shouting or I go to screaming. There are nights like tonight where I honestly want to grab one of them by the foot and hit them with each other (I don't but I feel that way). Last year because of their behavior I had a suicidal ideation, which I almost went through with but didn't, was on medication for a year and a half to fight depression and anxiety disorder, which I did not have until I got with her, and I have been seeing a psychiatrist along with a psychologist to help with this. I am at the point whether I should stay in this relationship or not because I do not think that me always being angry at her children is a very good role model or healthy environment, but at the same time I love my girlfriend very much, but damn it her children make it damn impossible many days and its slowly but surely eating at me slowly. I am looking for any help, advice, or suggestions to help.TL:DR - Love my girlfriend, gets pissed off at her children because I think they act like spoiled brats.
I don't  know what to do.. I'm pissed though I'm showing the wrong person, my daughter my anger. It's been quite a bad day. I was supposed to hear from this job today whether they were going to hire me or not and I haven't heard from them. That's not the worst. Even if they did, I probably wouldn't be able to accept the job, because I cannot logistically do everything in time at the end of my shift. They want for me to work until 6pm, but the closest daycares take 30-45 mins to pick up my son and then another 30 mins for my daughter after that and I need them both picked up by 7pm. Not only that, but I cannot find any affordable daycare for my son! I'd make too much to qualify for gov't daycare assistance, but without, it costs 3/4 of my salary. Nothing is working out for me. Ever since my fianc abandoned us and we lost our home and had to move in with my mother almost 3 years ago, nothing has worked out. I cannot find a job and cannot pull us out of this hole! I am so angry and now I don't have any desire to keep going. I love my children but I feel like a weight holding them down. I would never follow through, but it is always an option I  the back of my head. They are so precious, but what if I'm holding them back from greater things?
Hi there, I come from a family with anger issues, but I have a good heart and everything, so does my family. Most of my anger goes into putting the groceries away in the kitchen. Every time I put the groceries away, I'm in a Pissed off mood and then afterwords I'm fine. Is this Normal?
I was playing Super Smash Bros. on the online mode with a friend  of mine who's really good at the game. I trained a lot so that I could be as good as him, but I still wasn't, which pissed me off to a dangerous level. I banged some things, said some obscenities, and rage quit the game. I told him I wasn't mad at him, just at myself. Now I'm crying, and have absolutely no idea what to do. Call me sensitive, but this is a legitimate problem of mine that I just can't seem to get over. When I win, I feel perfectly fine. When I don't, I feel like beating myself. Ugh, I feel like shit.
Scenario goes like this:I am walking through the grocery parking lot and see these two women chatting with their carts full at the back of a car. Another car on the opposite side is trying to reverse out of it's spot to leave, but these women are standing somewhat in the way of the path of reversal.The car is patient, waiting a good 10-15 seconds before giving a light honk, just to catch the womens' attention. At this point, they both turn to the car trying to reverse and scowl. One of the women says loudly "Just back up! You have enough room". The car would have had enough room to reverse, but only just by inches with these two in the way. One of the women scoffs and begins to push her grocery cart out of the way when the other takes her by the arm and holds her saying "No, don't move it! They have plenty of room"This was all happening in the direction I was walking anyways, so by this point, I am pretty much standing in front of the two women. I just lost it and began hurling insults and profanities at these women who laughed out of surprise at first when I called them "a couple of cunts" and then quickly became angry and started yelling back at me as I was walking away. It all ended with me saying "Go home and fuck your disappointed husband" (I'm not totally sure what I meant by that)Afterwards I was shaking I was so upset, almost immediately got an adrenaline headache. I wasn't necessarily upset by the actions of the women, but just how quickly I lost my cool. I know what they were doing was wrong; but my response was not proportional to the action. I could have just walked past and said nothing, I could have had a much gentler tone which would have diffused the situation for everyone involved. I'm just disappointed with myself, I guess.
Alright so I was on the phone with my mom, and she went on about how my sister, who has anxiety, was talking to her therapist and I ended up in the conversation, and the therapist was just making my life harder, and that's when I felt another episode coming,I felt my heart start beating, felt the blood rush in my head, and saw red. I reached for the closest thing, which luckily happened to be a boxing glove, and started punching my closet door until it fell off the hinges and was bent inwards, scaring my sister, and the neighbors dog. The strange thing is, I love the rush I get when I'm angry, but I hate being angry.... Any help is greatly appreciated
I'm 17 years old and i have adhd and add. I think most of my anger issues come from my adhd and my dad not being around most of my life. I'm normally a real calm person and don't like drama but when i get mad i feel the urge to hit everything around me and break stuff i also keep repeating scenes in my head of me killing or hurting the person that made me mad. i also get headaches and get anxiety attacks and when i finally calm down i'm an emotional mess and feel guilty for everything i did when i was mad. This is having a big impact on school and on my relation with my mom. Do any of you what kind of anger issue i'm suffering from or have some good ways to calm down ? 
Sometimes, I feel like when I'm trying to be constructive with my rants, I'm being partially dishonest with my feelings. I feel guilty that my honest venting would probably include some malicious thoughts that would just make me feel more angry. However, because I am holding back while I'm being constructive, I feel like I never actually address everything that makes me angry. Also, it's it good or bad to vent to the person I'm upset with? I realize that might depend on the person and situation. I feel like I'm constantly told to just "calm down" and "don't take things so seriously" which makes me hesitate from opening up.
I'm 16, my parents have a pretty dysfunctional relationship and their behavior has really made me estrange them. My father had a bad childhood, his mom was an angry woman. As a kid, I simply thought he was scary and pissed off but now that I'm older, I realize he's an emotionally immature low-life. He blames everyone and plays the victim. He's a chronic complainer. I can't call him my dad anymore. I don't blame him for his childhood, but he should've be responsible for his emotional issues a long time ago. My mom is okay, I still call her mom. Even as a kid she would nag me to the point where I snap and said "OKAY!!". Although, I said "Okay." or "I heard, wait" or "Mmm." she would still be going on. It was hard for me to have choices around her or really talk to her because she wanted to tell me how and what to be.When I was younger she would belittle me for being 'dumb' or other things I've blocked out, but she insulted me a lot when I was younger and only now she has 95% stopped. (The repeating herself still goes on but it's better now)I don't talk to them or show myself to them because their reactions would be unpleasant or really uneducated sounding.Even if they are being nice, I'm still the same.It's a defense mechanism I have, talk to them the least I can and avoid their presence when needed. And to prevent them from saying anything further at some point I just scream at them sometimes, other times I ignore them and don't reply. I've been depersonalized for years.I'm not like this around my friends nor teachers nor anyone else.I sort of want to begin to fix myself emotionally before going on to more serious relationships in my life, I don't want to be like my dad, his behavior has pushed a lot of people from his life.
My dad has rage issues but has never been violent to us (physically) except when I was a child, I remember he hit my mom and kicked her, and a recent episode  where he threw a cup at my adult sister while also pulling her hair during an argument. To him his reasonings for doing that to my sister was justified (My dad was in the process of recovering from surgery so I think thats how my sister forgave him)Though he's never been physically violent to us, he is physically and verbally violent to his surroundings. Its never been a life threatening problem until a few days I was in the car with him and my mom. We had an argument and he was driving, stopping by somewhere to park, when he threatened to crash the car with us in it, by rapidly curving the wheel but it was a slight and rapid movement. I was flabbergasted by what he did but I was scared so i stayed quiet. After that going home he did that rapid motion again towards a incoming car. After dealing with this for so long, even after a major life turning event for him, thinking it would get better it reached its peak by what he did to me and my mom in the car.I want my dad to try out meds (anti depressants)  but I know for a fact he wont go see a psychiatrist. Is there a way to get like a sample of an antidepressant to give to my dad without him having to actually see a psychiatrist? He has a pcp, if I explain the situation to her would she be able to help? or is there such a thing as over the counter antidepressants? natural alternatives?Please help
Here's a minor example of my anger. I was playing a game called "Town of Salem" today, and someone was being extremely rude to the point where they said, "I hope your children die from cancer." Obviously, they were trolling, but I still got so angry that I beat on a pillow and almost beat myself. I also get angry when people wrong my friends or myself... I've had intense urges to punch or slap assholes who go to school with me before, such as one of my ex-girlfriends and a former friend of mine.I have high blood pressure and acid reflux (partially caused by my intense anger and stress), so I've learned to get a bit calmer... It's just that, when I get mad, I get *really* mad.
i've been going through a bad stage in life and i've been in tears the past couple of days, but everytime i cry ive been getting extremely aggressive and ended up hitting something,is this normal?
Over the past couple of months I've been experiencing these periods of time when I've been really annoyed at someone and have replied back at them with a comment to try to get them to shut up. However, I'm related to them so most of the time I'm able to control myself from saying anything really hurtful. I usually reply with some sarcasm which they think is funny. Consequently, that annoys me even more.During this time, I also experience some anger. I could start thinking about a time when either the person or another person that, at times, annoys me, and all of a sudden I get very uptight (if someone touches me during this time it feels like they've just started shouting in my ear) and I get some mental images of bashing their head in with a brick. I would never do that to them, nor would I want to, but for some reason I feel this burning anger towards them when they start to get annoying.I have a feeling that I should get help with this problem, as these times of anger have been becoming stronger. My main question is, how much would a session or two with a psychiatrist cost? I'm looking for a range, not an exact price. Yes, I have health insurance.
I've had anger management issues for a long time. It runs in my family. My younger brother and father both have anger management issues also. Since the age of 11 I tend to yell stuff at the top of my lungs and throw whatever I have around me with excessive force when I get angry. However, I only do it when I'm alone and not around others. It takes a lot for me to get to this stage my temper isn't short at all but whenever I have a lot on my plate, my temper tends to shorten. For example, I've shattered about 5-6 iPhone screens in the past few years, not by mistake, but through my anger. I did it during the summer when I was pulled over a block away from my house and given tickets that costed me a good amount of money. Then today, a friend of mine convinced me to drive an hour back home (I live at school) to check out a house he wants to rent for a possible party. My class ended at 5pm and I told him I'd be there by 6-6:30 due to the traffic. On the way there he kept calling me to hurry up and get to the place because the owner was going to leave. Well, just as I got into town (I had driven back as quick as possible) he texted me saying the guy left. I threw a fit in my car yelling and could have gotten into an accident. I threw my phone on the rubber mat in my car so hard that it shattered the screen. He called me and I started yelling at him, telling him I wanted to fight him and dropping an F bomb every sentence. I pulled into a gas station and realized my actions. I was embarrassed and began crying, just relieving my stress pent up from my job, school, and everything in my life that's going on.  This was the first time I ever let someone see that side of me. He thought I was crazy, and I apologized for what I did. My anger issues have cost me thousands of dollars due to the fact that I break stuff when I'm angry. I just want to be able to control myself because I'm scared that I will end up in jail or worse if I mistakenly go into a fit where it turns physical. Like I said, nobody has seen this side of me not even my family. Any help would be appreciated. EDIT: Just some background: I have no depression issues I don't really get depressed. I work out daily which I feel keeps my anger in check. I am sexually active so that's not an issue either. I explode and then about an hour or so later go back to normal and realize how bad I reacted. I also get very tired after being angry because of all the energy I put into doing it. 
I woke up and picked up break-fest with my gf and the order got screwed up i got mad and yelled for no reason i felt like absolute shit, ive had anger problems in the past but i had Martial arts, boxing, Tai chi i used to have it under control but i find myself slipping up any advice?
Warning: Probably gonna be longGod, I don't know how to talk about this.For the record, I've always been that hippie girl who hated racism or generalizations of any kind. I got along with just about anyone and tried really hard to be that bleeding heart liberal kid. I've always been pretty accepting of diversity, but lately I'm a lot less so. I guess I just want to word vomit about that.So basically, I live in the general area of Mississauga (near Toronto), Canada. Growing up, the country was pretty white; there were a decent number of POC in my elementary school classes, but it wasn't a huge amount. Over the last 15ish years though, Canada has taken in TONS of immigrants from Asian and Middle Eastern countries. It's so much that something like 20% of our population are immigrants. A lot of our areas are also expanding really quickly and a lot of that expansion is filled in with immigrants, particularly Middle Eastern immigrants. To note, I don't mind this. My friends in high school were pretty mixed, as far as race goes. However, they were pretty Canadianized. I don't think that's unfair to ask though, like if you're immigrating to another country, you should bend to their customs. When you move to Rome, you know? Also, because it's relevant, I work at a retail store and I'm super close with my colleagues. We're all full time, and we work in one of those mall kiosks (it's a sales job), so we get pretty close in such close quarters and working as a team. All of my team members are "brown". I've always been cool with that, and still mostly am, I've just been disappointed by them lately. There's just been tons of incidents with brown people in general that leave me with a shitty taste in my mouth and I'm just really disappointed and I have conflicting feelings. Here's what happened:1. In the summer I did odd jobs with my brother. He works all summer, mostly doing landscaping jobs for cash and other handyman work. When I'm off work, I help him out too. So we got a call one night from an Indian lady who said her grass really needed mowing as she hadn't mowed it all year and it was at about 6 inches. This is **super** common with Middle Eastern people, buy a house, move a giant family into it, and don't take the slightest care of the place so your neighbours can look at a mud pit. They also tend to be really cheap and scruitinize the shit out of you while you do the job, or stiff you when they pay. I've heard this from several people who practise trades. Anyway, we had nothing else for that night so we say sure, quote her a price and pull up. Sure enough, the grass is 6 inches high. So we get to trimming the edges and mowing. She watched us the **whole time**. Fucking stared through the window. When we finished the lawn was about 1" long. It took us two damn hours to mow her tiny fucking back lawn. When we finished, she asked us if we would haul away and illegally dump an old bed frame she had for an extra $5. Then when she paid us, she underpaid by $5 from what we quoted her (The price we told her over the phone and repeated in front of her multiple times, and told her when she gave us the cash. Yes, we should have counted it, but really?). Fucking $5? And fucking $5 to fucking haul away your old bed frame? We pull up in a truck and you treat us like we're fucking 13 working for allowance money? Bitch was calling us "cute" the whole time we worked, almost like she was belittling us, like hey asshole, if you think we're so fucking cute you come do the work yourself. Ugh. Later my brother told me that's why a lot of handymen avoid jobs from "brown people".2. I work in a sales job, and honestly 8/10 cheap people I get will be brown. Out of those, mostly Indian. It's gotten so predictable I can actually predict the way they're going to ask for something for free before they say it. "Can't you do anything cheaper?" "Why is that not free? Do I get a discount?" - fuck, I'm so tired of hearing this crap. Product is worth money. Stop thinking you can squeeze something out of nothing, it's really tacky and makes you look like an asshole. Full disclosure, I'm a really cheap person myself. But that's why I shop online, and wait for sales, and do my own homework. I don't harass salespeople for sales and treat them like they're lucky to have my business. Because that would make me an asshole.Also, relevant to my job, people are always coming up in families and talking to me, then turning around to speak Arabic or Hindu with their families in front of me. Even when all of them speak English to me. I find it really disrespectful and basically like when you go to the salon and Asian ladies are speaking in another language while you're getting your nails done. Like, you don't have to have a secret language. You could be talking about me. Even if you're not, it's still disrespectful. It's like you don't trust me to not listen in or something. It really bothers me.3. Two of my coworkers who I really appreciated / respected admitted to driving drunk, both of them said it with no remorse (in fact one of them spoke about it in front of a customer like it was a joke, I was mortified). I lost a shit ton of respect for them. I know this isn't brown-specific, but I do have other friends who are pretty heavy on the drink and haven't ever (at least admitted to) driving drunk, and none of them are brown. I guess it was just their nonchalantness about it that really disappointed me.There's been other incidents, especially the handy-work related ones, but this is the bulk of it.I've also noticed myself getting really frustrated lately. I used to be super passive-aggressive, would let people walk all over me, until last year someone really fucked me over and I swore I wouldn't let that happen again. I made my new year's resolution to be standing up for myself. So over the last year I got really assertive and now I basically don't give a single fuck anymore. I'm fairly sassy now and I love that new side of me, but I've noticed over the last few months I've been getting more frustrated/irritated with people and just can't seem to relax.I just. Fuck, man. Maybe it's all this pent-up rage from my years of being stepped on by others, that now I'm just mad at people I perceive to be entitled/disrespectful, but I'm so fucking frustrated with these trash now. For the record, I don't hate all Indians/Middle Easterners. I have friends who are Middle Eastern, still have coworkers who are the same, and still like their company. I'm totally one of those white girls who looks at mandalas and wants to copy them for "art". I'm fascinated by language and religion and am enamoured with the Arabic language, and a lot of the architecture (especially mosques) in the middle east. I don't want to be one of those unapologetic racist assholes. I can completely understand people coming to Canada because they want a better future. I just tend to associate certain shitty traits with certain types of people. I know that's not the best thing to do. But I also wish people would acclimate. And I also wish people would understand that "classy" isn't just having nice things. It's how you behave. If you have nice things and don't take care of them that's not classy. It's how you take care of yourself of your things, and your behaviour. I say this because it feels like a lot of these people are entitled to high-end products or status symbols to look good but then go and act like entitled assholes in public.I feel like a terrible person.
I don't really know what to do but I'm concerned. He's always been a very angry person in general but it seems to be getting a bit worse lately, he's extra prone to flying off the handle. He won't see a therapist or counselor or anything
My parents are great, providing people. And in so many ways, they've been great parents. But they're also been incredibly controlling and judgmental. So much so, that memories of them still haunt me, I can lay in bed in the middle of the night and feel physically sick over it.My dad physically beat me for admitting I was curious about other religions and unsatisfied with Christianity, as a child.Every time I ever tried to paint my nails as a child, my dad would get furious at me and scream at me demanding to take it off or there would be severe punishment.They stopped me from listening to music I liked, clothes that expressed who I am, and nearly everything I wanted to do seemed forbade, in some way. And now that I'm an adult, my parents still judge me and being me has created distance between me and them.This Christmas, I considered not visiting family because of the pain it could bring. But I thought that, they're my family, and of course I should. But my dad told me it is disgusting that I wear pink and to stop it.It feels like I have no choice but be myself and not have a good relationships with my family. And it hurts so much. I feel all sorts of emotions. And I feel insecure. It feels like, while I have left my parents and am living on my own. None of the pain has left. I don't want to be a bitter, angry person, or struggle with depression. But I feel all of these terrible emotions welling up inside of me. I feel like I want to yell and scream and throw up. And I don't know how to let go. I don't know how to let the disapproval of my family over so many years not get to me.
Worked through stuff with therapist, when I feel "negated" then my subconscious reacts as though I'm confronting an existential threat.  I fight back like my life depends on it.Amygdala, hypothalamus, adrenaline, blood flow decreased in reasoning center of brain, redirected to aggression, perception, reflexes...I've got all that worked out.  And like 4 different meds to help Enhance My Calm...  But it keeps happening.  Talk therapy (and this new book, which seems very promising) don't seem to be working quickly enough to keep me out of jail.  Don't know what to do.  
The details behind my anger are not important, but I went into a blind rage tonight and whipped my tablet on the ground. Now it doesn't work. I just want to cry. It was a beautiful Christmas gift given to me by my mother a couple Christmases ago, and spoiled me decided to show no respect for it and destroy it. Now I have no computer of my own (borrowing a friend's since mine broke) and no tablet. Why am I so pathetic?
So my mother has always been a very short-tempered, angry person. I remember as a child feeling bad for my dad for her outbursts for practically no reason, or having to deal with it as the kids. Now I'm over 30 and she has if at all possible gotten worse. I am surprised my father has stayed with her with all the verbal abuse she throws at him. If he hasn't somehow read her mind and done something before she asks, then he gets yelled at. If someone cuts us off in traffic, she yells at my father (rather than complains about the other driver). I have in the past tried to stand up for whoever is the target of her rage (myself, my father, etc) or at least point out that she is irrationally angry, and that just gets the anger redirected at me. So now, she explodes at someone, and the rest of the family just ignores it is happening (usually including the person being yelled at).This is toxic. I've tried to tell her she is overacting with her anger and it just causes more anger. How do I get her to want to seek anger management or else somehow just stop being such a bitch?
To be honest, I feel like I'm already going to regret posting here since I Feel like on some end...I may as well just shut up about everything and let it simmer and fester ...or just repress it all...or just take a permenant vow of silence ...I fucked up...I keep fucking upEven when I take measures to avoid fucking up in various ways I Still do...I fuck up if i ever try to say anything to anyone at any time anywhereI say shit in places I should not say itI vent where I should not and even if others offer to speak I feel like I'm overusing them if only because of too many times people have left me percisely because I'm too much a killfucking joy...I'm too sarcastic, I'm too snarky, I'm too bitter...and people can tell me all day to just 'change my attitdue' or to simply improve myselfand it's not like I don't fucking bother to improve myself or to help things along (Although the attitdue advice can go fuck itself becuase I've had too many cases of attempting to 'change my attitdue' only to find it not working and causing even more damage...I'm fucking done with that kool aid)...I feel like not bothering with this and just not saying anything here or anywhere else...even though I just did in some delusional hope that I can be proven wrongI want to say what's got me so angry but it's MANY things and anyone insisting it's a fucking simple solution have no ideaI'm told to shut up becuase others have it worse and I feel like saying that is an insult to those who actually have it worse because it downplays one's issues and ignores what's a problem...but whatever right?I sound confusing and no ammount of attempts to speak cleary can fucking fix that...I'm stuck between regret and not caring anymore...I don't know what else to say...I'll probably regret posting this like everyfhing else...FUCKITif I get banned...fuck it...just...fuck it...may as well not have even bothered...and yet when someone will respond in a fashion that makes me regret...I wondered why...
I've been in Japan for 2 weeks and tomorrow I go home. Last night I was on the phone with my girlfriend and she was telling me about what's been happening while I've been gone. She is being physically harassed by people in her school emotionally attacked by her parents and threatened by people who call her up early in the morning. I'm scared that when I see the people who have been doing this to her I'm going lose control and harm them in a way they can't come back from, right now if I saw the people at her school her are trying to touch her I would run them over. I love her to bits but I don't know what to do besides hurt everyone who is hurting her which will probably make me one of them. Sorry for the long post but I just don't know what to do.
I have a lot of anger, anxiety and depression. A lot of it stems from stupid stuff like jealousy from my old high school friends who think they are better than me and some of it stems from issues with my family, really only my older sister. I have figured out a strategy that really seems to help.I exercise a lot, which helps of course. Getting out energy. Another though, more effective way, is I journal. This has really helped more than anything. I am able to express what I want to scream at my sister on paper and resolve the issue on paper also. I am able to calm down, realize what is bothering me and cope with it before I actually have to cope with it. It really helps a ton. My older sister and I have had issues growing up but the past year or so she has had this superiority complex. It is frustrating. She has the boyfriend, the successful job and is very happy. I am happy for her, I am currently working retail though I have an interview on Monday for an 18 dollars an hour help desk position in IT, which I love. I am great at programming, I just have had issues finding a job because of my health. I am an epileptic so I can't drive, it is hard to find work when you can't drive. I thankfully have a very supportive family that let me move home so I can get everything sorted out, I am 21. I am not that old, old enough to start a career but not like I am 45 moving back home.My older sister has been laughing in my face, saying that I have failed, making fun of me and saying that I don't actually know how to program. I am self taught at programming but I also learned from an actual programmer, someone who makes 6 figures doing it as a career. I know what I am doing, I have made websites, I am smart. She laughs in my face and openly mocks me. I snapped big time when she looked at me and said "Maybe in a year, if I have an opening, I can hire you on at my work for ten dollars an hour, since you can't do anything else." She then told me that having me do laundry once every two weeks at her place until our washer was fixed was too inconvinient, even though I live ten minues away from her and help her clean. She laughed at me and said she had better things to do with her time then wait for me to do my clothes. It takes an hour. Not a huge deal. I went to sit down on the seat of the car and picked up her glasses by the handle, not touching the lense, and she told me to get my dirty hands off of her nice glasses. I snapped. I freaked. I flipped and totally snapped at her, yelled at her told her she was being a royal bitch. Told her off. After that I spiraled. I couldn't stand to be in the same room as her for weeks, I was snappy with my rude customers, I just wanted to be alone and was short tempered with everyone. I was pissed. I just couldn't do it, I couldn't hold my anger back anymore. I talked to my friend who has anger problems and he helped me out, but it is hard because he is a guy and I am a girl. Mine is internal while his is "I want to punch things" mine is "I want to yell at her". I started journaling again, seriously helps. I was able to feel happy for her and not feel this anger towards her today, the first time in a few weeks. I am really happy for her and I made the choice not to be angry, which was so hard to do. Seriously, exercise and journal. Helps a ton.
I just found foot fungus soap in my shower, which apparently is very contagious and spread generally through things like community showers. My roommate hasn't told anyone else living here that he has this and I want to either scream at him or punch him in the fucking face for being such a prick for not bringing it up. I understand that it's embarrassing but I have not showered in about a week due to this discovery and it's fucking disgusting. I've been trying to figure out a way to explain it to him calmly. But he turns into a complete asshole when things like this are brought up. I'm angry enough with this shit as it is. If he tries to be a smart ass to me about it, I might deck him. How the hell do I handle this?tl;dr: Dumbass roommate has foot fungus and didn't tell anyone. He's even more of an asshole when people let him know that he's fucking everyone over with his selfish behavior and lack of common sense. Want to punch or scream at relentlessly. How to avoid?
Has anyone ever heard of using cold showers as a means of calming down when angry?I have a problem where when I get angry, I stay angry for hours on end. Lately I've been trying to take cold showers to build discipline in my life. Then today I got angry and got an idea of using cold showers as a means of calming down.The incredible coldness of it actually seemed to have calmed me down a little because of the shock value of actually freezing myself. When I'm taking a cold shower, I'm only thinking about surviving for the next 15 minutes and not about whatever was pissing me off beforehand.
Hi I'm new here.I have a serious anger issue I think.In the course of 3 weeks I had 2 dead iMacs, 1 mangled iPhone, 1 cracked iPad, 1 dead scanner, a root canal, someone went on a shopping spree with my credit card, endured the 2nd worst hangover of my life and I return from vacation to start work (I work from home) to a 1 1/2 day electrical blackout. I handled all that like a champ.However today all I wanted was an egg salad sandwich. My temper started to flair a bit as I was in line at the market and some &*%!^& idiot woman in front spent a good 15 minutes searching for her wallet. No other lines open. I finally get home with all my ingredients in tow, prep everything for the sandwich and found I forgot the hardboiled eggs at the counter of the store. Needless to say I fucking lost it. I beat the counter and the fridge so hard I tore off a nail, really cut up and badly bruised my other hand and made a Hulk style punch mark into the door of the fridge.Help. I can handle large crisis with grace. But if my shoelace breaks you better believe I'm no longer going to be David Banner. But in seriousness I can't handle the small things. At a loss as how to handle it.Just FYI My system: I'm in great shape, workout 5-7 times a week, eat healthy, no smoking, only occasional drink.
so my asshole alcoholic half brother and I got into a scuff a few weeks ago. every one is telling me to get over it because he is "recovering" like that gives him a free pass to be an asshole. would it be ok to make his life a living hell so he would move out? 
There's a guy who my aunt is dating who is very angry with me (which is understandable but I'd rather not get into it) and I blocked him on Facebook just so I didn't have to see anything of his, and deleted my aunt (no blocking her), because I was pretty hurt by the whole situation as well. Fast forward two months to yesterday and there were bomb threats in the city, down the road from my aunt and she wasn't responding to my messages and so I felt obligated to unblock her boyfriend. After establishing that he essentially thinks I'm trying to pry my way back into her life, we get into a huge fight. Eventually he ended up blocking me (because I can't block him until tomorrow night unfortunately) and all was well. So this morning he apparently unblocks me and messages me again. Now I have  very very limited self control when it comes to Facebook messages. Finally after arguing with him even more and trying to say "bye, bye" he still is messaging me and I finally deleted both Facebook and messenger. Now I'm just struggling with the anger I feel toward him and I don't know how to deal with it. This is truly the most anger I've ever felt and I just want to stop feeling this way. How do I calm down?
I've been working on my many noggin problems for as long as I can remember (at least when I had health insurance...)Presently reading a book, and had been feeling super excited -- seemed to be speaking directly to my problems and have some realistic approaches...And then the author casually tosses out that dreaded E-word:**Entitlement**Specifically as applied to "younger generation" (code for Millennials, but I have had the exact same economic troubles and I'm technically Gen-X).  I have encountered this so many time, I just immediately shut down when someone uses this obnoxious Catch-All term to dismiss the struggles of people younger than them -- usually from a Boomer, but not always.I have PTSD, GAD, borderline alcoholism and a hair-trigger temper.  And a great deal of my inner turmoil comes from knowing there is no such thing as "safe" anymore -- not financially, physically, legally...  I'm in a tech field, have 20+ years of experience and... still feel like I could be down-sized at any minute.  Because I have been before -- 3 times before.How does one just dismiss overt economic realities like this?  "Oh, you're not *entitled* to a job, just because you have the degree and 20+ years of experience in the field.  You still have to do *more*.  The stress you feel about that is stupid because you feel *entitled* to economic security."Who the fuck can live comfortably knowing that everything they have can and very well might disappear tomorrow?  Who the fuck ISN'T ANGRY that this is what our culture has come down to?!?  This perpetually moving goal-post game where assholes keep moving "good enough" on down the field...Are there no self-help books written by/for Gen-X/Millennials?    I'm fully prepared to question my own sense of "entitlement", but how can this be applied to job security?  Do we call people assholes for feeling *entitled* to air, water, clothing, shelter...??
Hi.  Thanks for reading and help.  I am in a long term relationship with someone who has a troubled past.  Based on what I see here I don't think I have to explain why this is not a negative situation - you seem like a good and supportive community.  In short, everything has gotten better with investment on both of our parts from Day 1 (now entering year 4) and yes he has been to all manner of anger management, etc. and no I am not in any physical danger at any time.  My boyfriend has tremendous value as a person and this is just an area of his life he is working on.  Now we're down to honestly a very small bit of intermittent anger.  So there hasn't really been an issue for a long time between us, but last night we were out and about and I accidentally left my phone at a restaurant.  This is probably within his top 10 list of pet peeves.   Plus he is early to bed/early to rise so his 'coping energy' is run down by 3-6PM.  So he spent the following 3 hours stewing in silence.  He apologized sincerely the next morning first thing and also in email.  I want to send a nice heartfelt email back and acknowledge his feelings and appreciate the apology.  I was just wondering if you could help me understand what it feels like when you overreact to something small and also what it feel like when you get to a place where you are contrite/embarrassed about the way you reacted. Basically I want to really acknowledge what's going on with him and understand it.  Both of us work really hard on understanding each other without pity or judgement.Also, if you have any ideas if there are things that you want to hear when you are angry, that are helpful, let me know.  I may give them a try.  Mostly I realize that this is not about me, and it is not real or permanent, and I just ride it out.  There is just a portion of us all that is scared, hurt toddler and it does not make us less worthy of love and belonging.Thanks. 
Hi all, I'm in need of help. I suffer from serious health anxiety, gastro-intestinal issues, sleep issues and depression. In the past I've had problems with explosive rage and I thought I'd had it under control but recently I've found myself exploding. Literally 5 minutes ago, I was cleaning the bathroom happy as Larry when I knocked the toothpaste lid into the toilet.I exploded. I then calmed and 5 minutes later nearly did the same to toothbrushes. Same result. I exploded and hurled a plastic cup at a wall. It didn't break so in a rage I continued to throw it as hard as I could until it exploded. Then I calmed down. I've found myself screaming at other drivers for driving poorly, or getting seriously angry at other people for not being thoughtful or aware when walking in the street. I don't know what to do. I now have a child on the way and I don't want this to continue. I have 3.5 hours of travel to work each day which is stressing me out but my job doesn't really exist out of London and I'd have to take a big pay cut to find something similar which I can't afford now. I'm waiting for NHS therapy for anxiety but now it's not just the anxiety. I feel totally stuck asI cannot afford private therapy and will have to wait for the NHS. It's killing me emotionally and I'm worried eventually physically. Even now, I'm totally tensed up. Someone, please suggest something that will help me. These things feel uncontrollable as they are spur of the moment and I just hulk out.Thanks for any advice or help in advance. 
I found someone who posted something on a forum a few years ago which describes their situation very similarly to mine; "For as long as i can remember, whenever I get angry I bite my index fingers. Very hard. To the point where I have caused irreversible scarring on them. There are baby photos of me as a very young child doing this. I've come to this forum because i have no idea what is wrong with me, I feel like I need answers. The biting is accompanied by extreme rage (seeing red, barely aware of my surroundings) or excitement (not sexual). As I grew older these fits of rage and biting were accompanied by a monologue of curse words directed at myself. I have been caught in the act before, by parents / brother etc. At the moment of being caught, immediately stop the biting and feel great embarrassment and shame (similar to being caught masturbating). I am very avid that no one see me in my little fits of biting. The skin on the insides of my index fingers is red, swollen and leathery feeling.It only really happens when i get angry at my games, i guess because of competitiveness? It has gotten better in the past but it's starting to get worse again and i don't know what to do. I really don't want to stop playing online games, so what can i do?
I haven't had enough anger in my whole life.  I'm paying for that now , and I become enraged about things that happened years ago that should have made me angry but didn't.  I'm not really sure what to do with this anger?Yesterday, for some reason I remembered a time when my son was a newborn (he's nearly 20 now).  I had had some new kitchen work tops installed, and they had become really marked and scratched in a short time.  I thought that being work tops they should be able to withstand normal kitchen use without getting marked and scratched so I had made a complaint.  As a result, a man from the work top manufacturing company came out to inspect the work tops.  His opinion was that the scratches were minimal (they weren't) and nothing to worry about , and that "if I would get a job and get out of the house I wouldn't have so much time fussing over nothing". !So what did I do?  I started calmly justifying myself that a) I had a job (as a self-employed systems developer) and, b) I had a newborn, and I was combining the two.  And just let him off with that.  But hang on a minute - what the man said was incredibly rude!  And irrelevant, would the scratches on the worktop disappear if I wasn't there?  Why didn't I call him out on what a crap thing that was to say to me?I have been really bad at standing up for myself, a door mat, all my life.  And that makes me angry as well.
   So I am pretty sure I lost my fiance yesterday. The day before we had our millionth fight over something stupid. We didn't talk all evening, and she choose to sleep on the couch. That killed me because I should be the one who is put out. She insisted. The next morning she calmly came up to me and said we were through. It hit me like a ton of bricks. She used to say that during arguments and when emotions were high. But then she was calm and direct. I knew she was serious. I cried throughout the day and she stayed firm. I kept asking if there is any glimmer of hope, and still she said no. Just before she left for our vacation, I begged her to please reconsider and I would get help. All I got was she couldn't answer right now. I feel like it's a no and that tears me apart. I don't blame her. I have been doing this for 5 years although getting worse. I have opened up lately to her and explained what it feels like just before, and she has offered advice and guidance. There is only so much someone can take. I have been up since 4 this morning reading about anger, depression, and anxiety. I feel like it too little too late for us. I don't know why I'm writing this, I guess to vent. Any help would be appreciated. Thanks.
I'm socially inept and a coward. I feel powerless to improve myself.I was pushed into a major I don't like and guilted into staying because of my parents sacrifices. It's not a sacrifice if its your fucking choice. But I'll never tell them that. My mom treats me like a daughter and I can't think of a way to get her to stop without yelling or being passive aggressive, so I'll just stress about it and fantasize about moving out. And working on my self. Maybe join a boxing gym to stop being such a little bitch to everyone except my sisters who I yell at when I get stressed. Growing up I was always told to avoid conflict because it'll get me in trouble. And I honestly don't know what I would do if someone swings at me. I feel like a a complete failure, a socially retarded grown effeminate man child and i hate it.
I'm not, naturally, an angry person. In 2013 after a horrible break-up with a narcissistic man (acted more like a boy). I'm now in a very healthy relationship, I do yoga, and stand-up comedy...I still can't seem to shake the anger that man caused me to feel, though. Does anyone have any similar circumstances / have any recommendations? The yoga definitely helps me a lot, but I'm kind of looking for something more therapy-based, too, without the therapy-prices.
Thinking about leaving early.  "Not feeling well", which is technically true.Assholes.
So I'm in high school, and I used to have a shockingly short fuse, but in the past three months or so I've been able to control it, and it was almost gone from my life. But lately, things have been setting off little sparks inside of me. Every morning I hang out in the cafeteria with some friends and eat lunch with the same friends. One of them, for the past two weeks this one friend has been starting arguments and looking for a fight with everyone. Every day, I wake up to "shut up BornInFlavortown I can kick your ass" which I, and all my friends know is a lie, because they've seen me blow up and break whatever/whoever is in arms reach. As every day passes, the urge to unleash on him grows stronger and stronger, and it takes all my self control to not completely implode from this fire inside of me. In a way, I like it because I feel powerful whenever the surges of rage hit me, but deep down I know I shouldn't. What should I do? 
My younger brother age 21 has no respect for me. I'm 27 and pretty much run the house that we live in. Pay bills, clean, cook, hustle. The other day he pissed me off to the point of no return with just one response. The way he said it was disrespectful as shit. Just had to say one word and I flipped a switch. Went nuts. It was on my video security system and I just rewatched the whole scene and it was scary. I pulled a knife on him several times and had it to his neck. Yelling and cursing him out and laying shit down on him. We even got into a fist fight. I cut him in his hand and blood was every where. Raising fuckin hell. All cause of his disrespect. I watched this clip over and over again. It's almost as if I was possessed by something. More importantly, I didn't like how I looked, acted, and treated those around me. Brother didn't deserve that. I need to be a better person and better brother. I need to learn how to control my anger. My dad was a hot head and so was his dad. All my uncles are hot heads. So this is how I was raised, to respond terribly and angrily to everything. Any help and guidance is appreciated.Thank you. I feel better writing this out because it's been in my head for a few days as it's been bugging me how shitty I acted. It's not worth it. Waste of fuckin time being angry. If only I could hold this motto every time I got angry... Life would be better 
It's not the first time she's done it. She'll have a huge tantrum and start swearing, slamming doors, banging etc. Anyway, she started doing it this morning whilst I was in bed. We've also got a Chinese student staying with us who's only been with us for 2 weeks. I thought, what now? What the fuck now?!I thought maybe the cat has pissed on the carpet again or maybe she's pissed off that I pulled the curtain cord too hard and broke it, despite me saying I'd fix it. Then I thought she calmed down."Bastard!" "Get out before I brain you! <cat>" And it's then I thought, right fuck this. What the fuck is wrong with this bitch. What the fuck is her problem to have these little tantrums and create an atmosphere in the fucking house? What must the student be thinking? So I went down and confronted her, asked her what the fuck is wrong?She said the TV wasn't working. I couldn't believe it. The TV is crap and we're getting a new one but to have a tantrum about it is pathetic and I told her exactly that and I told she was fucking insane and that I couldn't wait to move out.So I'm now in my flat away from her and find myself again, avoiding her. What the fuck is wrong with her? I've grown up with this fucking pathetic behaviour all my life and I've had enough.
Whenever I get extremely pissed off I just slam my arm to wooden board of my bed and let the pain wash over me to numb my anger... It works temporarily to dim it down but not fully completely. I just feel so fucking indignant and especially when I try to talk with them and tell them their actions and behavior really have been hurting me ever since I was a kid and they choose to ignore me it just leaves me feeling frustrated and angry. Why? Why won't they admit it was their fault I grew up feeling so god damn angry and frustrated and repressed and shitty? I hate this. I want to punch and stab someone. Them in particular. My brothers. I want to make them bleed. Suffer their consequences for being immoral. I want them to learn their lesson, experience being punished for their actions for once, and repent. Repent for the harm they've brought to others, including myself. I want them to bleed and cry and sob and feel pain as I did. I want them to take penance. Sometimes I wake up feeling the anger in my dream transferred to myself as I wake up. In the dream my father was chastising me and it really pissed me off that I can't hurt him so instead I use a knife to stab my second brother as he chastises me too, suffering and bleeding as I stab into him multiple times. I just feel so fucking angry. I want him dead. Or at least fix his attitude/behavior. He only seems to act that way towards family but not friends or perhaps it's because his friends are that way too that he acts like that. Either way I want them to repent. Repent for their sins. Suffer, be punished, (and preferably die but that's not going to happen unless accident or disease; i am so very tempted to accident), repent.edit: TL;DR of background info on why I'm pissed off. As a kid I was constantly bullied and picked on by my brothers through both physical abuse and verbal mental abuse of their fucking mind games. and I want justice. 
I get really angry (for any reason stress, ect..) and when I do I punch my self really hard like in the face and recently made my mouth bleed because of it. I need help coping with my anger.
Lately I've been having problems with anger management and it's getting out of control. I'm worried that I might harm someone or myself at this point because I just cannot deal with my rage.I grew up in an abusive situation, but as a child I was very compliant and withdrawn. It was only when I was older and that I was getting mental health support that I became angrier, paradoxically. I began to do meditation, I ate right, exercised a lot but I was just getting so angry. I had a lot of mental health issues growing up: severe depression, anxiety, an eating disorder for which I was hospitalised, and I came to realise that my family situation had been a big factor in everything. Anyway, I'm still so angry. If I was walking down the street at someone so much as looked at me badly, I'd want to go for them. And I mean really attack, it scares me. My worldview is that everyone is dangerous and you have to always be on the lookout for people to take advantage of you. If someone coughed when I was walking down the street, my mind would jump to a crazy conclusion of 'they're coughing because I walked past them, they think I'm disgusting' and I'd get angry. Same with people laughing and thinking they're ridiculing me. It's exhausting!Any help?
Where do I start?I have had this problem since I was young. I have met someone who I know I can spend the rest if my life with. It scares me because I have a demon inside of me. Today that person saw it for the first time . It ended in tears . How weak I am. I should have been stronger . Truth be told it feels so good. To not care. Let it all burn .Why is it that when it is all said and done all I feel is guilt and regret . I have been putting this off for far to long . I can't I won't I shall not run from this. This is my first post . I am reaching  out to the World Wide Web .  What have you done to deal with your rage ? How do you handle it ? What step can I take to get help ?
A roleplaying server I frequent has this one particular person that I just cannot stand. I think they're an atrocious roleplayer, but, whenever I report them for some really stupid stuff they do, staff yells at me and says "You're just mad they're not RPing how YOU want them to."The biggest problem with them so far was during an event where all of us in the dungeon were technically asleep, so if we died in the event, we would simply wake up. Despite knowing this, this player, through some really questionably legit powers, emoted DAMAGING HER SOUL, ouside the dream, to deal almost fatal damage to the boss, as well as wiping out all three of it's minions in one shot. Let me repeat that. This one player hurts their very soul to protect fake projections of all of us, and even tells the DM how much damage they will be doing. And the DM goes along with it. I didn't hit the boss a single time.Server admin tells me to report this. I do. Staff members tell me this person did nothing wrong, you're such an asshole, you just hate them OOC. One of the staff members even *praises* this player for what they did.I lashed out at this person in a public chat channel (stupid move, yeah) and staff yelled at me. I apologized to this person, and they seemed pretty chill, OOC. I decided I'd give them one more chance.More fucking melodrama.More fucking martyrdom.That was a massive fucking waste of time.This player was sparring another, in the middle of an army base...WITH ACTUAL WEAPONS. She's, of course, standing in a puddle of blood so people can gasp and check on her and make sure she's okay.And apparently later, someone else nearly killed her in another spar. But not ACTUALLY kill her of course, that wouldn't be fitting of this particular Mary Sue. And just to rub salt in the wounds, on the server's gossip page, there's now a post of this event...even though it's something that doesn't affect other players, and thus isn't really deserving of a post. Again, this player just fucking wants martyrdom.It has gotten so bad that merely mentioning this player just pisses me the fuck off.What do I do, /r/anger?
Hello /r/Anger,  I don't know what's going on with me, but every little thing now pisses me off. Before it would either; not bother me too terribly, or I could easily mitigate my anger somewhere else.  But now, I will lash out over the smallest things, and during the moment I feel like I can't control myself, and adrenaline kicks in SUPER hard. Later on, I hate myself for getting so pissed after the adrenaline goes away.  So, what gets me? EVERY LITTLE DETAIL.  1. In any line, if anyone breathes loud, or feels like they are close to me, I feel my blood rate kicking up. I lashed out on a guy who was literally 2 feet away from me, but probably came back from exercising.  2. At teachers, if a teacher doesn't explain something to a point where I don't understand, I get pissed. To prevent any thing, ie the teacher hating me I walk away.  3. Playing games, I can't take it when I get killed, or Kill stolen from. I don't know why.  4. Studying. If I can't get something right, or understand it like the others, I get pissed beyond belief. I threw all my materials on the ground when at the library, and made a commotion.  some other things, but I think you get the idea..  Some things that happened recently.  1. My friend and I were playing a game, and he kill steals from me, changing the whole dynamic of the game. I get HEATED. Like HEATED. I rage at him. Throw my controller, and punched the wall hard enough to make a hole in the wall.  2. I got my exam back and I didn't understand something. Went to my professor for help. He just says "Since you just got your test back, i recommend you to look at the book and try to understand the question first". Instantly, my adrenaline pumps up like no other. I immediately walk away, but I GOT HEATED.  3. Me going out with friends, and one of them asked if I could cover him since he didn't have money. I said no since I didn't have enough to cover for my food. Anyways, he asked me again, and in the middle of the store, I yelled "STFU". Everyone looked at me, my friend freaked out, and told me to chill.   4. Neighbor, There's one lady that bugs me like no other, as every time I pass by her house (I live in a dead end street), she always gives me the eye or something. The last time I was walking past her house, and she was outside, she was staring at me. I tried to let it go, but I felt adrenaline kick in. I kept walking, and a few steps more, I turn around to see her staring at me. At this point, my adrenaline kicked in, and I yelled "F*** ARE YOU LOOKING AT" while running towards her. She freaks out and hops in her house. I just turn around and keep walking away.  5. Drama with friends. Okay, I'm really not involved with this drama, but for some reason, I got involved since i'm usually the one who mediates stuff. Anyways, one of my friends calls me over this drama. He's called me and told me the same thing twice, this being the third. Anyways, I tell him to f*** off, and i'm tired of his s**t. I hang up immediately.  Anyways.. /r/anger, what should I do?  I'd like to fix this issue because:  1. My SO is freaking the hell out because something has definitely gone wrong, but I have no idea what happened. And I really don't want to accidently leash out on my SO.  2. My quality of life is slowly degrading, Things i used to like, just piss me off.  3. The headaches after these adrenaline rushes are indescribable. It just HURTS/makes me dizzy/etc.  4. This might be unrealistic, but I feel like one day someone will piss me off just enough to where I completely go down on them. This is my greatest fear since I used to kick box quite competitively, and everything I get these surges of adrenaline, I immediately clinch my fists, and feel like hitting something.   
So I play a lot of fighting games online, and I won't act like this at tournaments (I have thrown a controller before), I often slap my legs or punch them out of frustration, and I think it is starting to hurt.Any advice?
My mother has always caused me to get angry, but I always held it in. I always thought I had good control of anger. But it's harder to control when my mom just doesn't stop.I have insomnia, and my mom was upset that I wasn't sleeping. I explained to her multiple times that I have insomnia, and she says she understands, but then she punishes me for not sleeping. I keep arguing with her and it's just a loop, I keep repeating myself and she's not giving a reason for my punishment other than the fact that I didn't sleep. After about an hour of this, I lose it and throw the nearest object to the ground, it bounces up and hits the tv....That was a long time ago. Today, she was talking with me about school work. I was doing it but she kept talking to me, so I tell her to leave me alone, then she gets upset and mumbles something under her mouth. So I say "forget it" and go to my room.At this point I'm actually half walking half crawling to my room because I just lose so much energy from her doing this.Later I come back, then I'm talking to her, and she says in an evil sounding tone "Don't yelll" even though I wasn't yelling, so I run back to my room before she gets more mad at me and end up bending my toe nail back on the door. I was also mad when she said this, cause I fucking had enough. I can't deal with that shit anymore, I've done so my whole life. I yelled loud and punched some walls.I don't believe I have an anger problem. People will say I'm in denial, but I am sure, that if most people were in my shoes, they would react far worse than I did. My mom has anger problems.The difference of us, is that I take her shit for hours before I blow. If I say something that upsets her, she will blow up within the minute. I'm not exaggerating here at all. I can't have anger problems from getting mad at things like this, any sane person would. :(There are other things that I know get people mad, but I'm barely bothered by them. ex - there's a racing game I used to play that had long races lasting from a half hour to 24 hours. Most get pissed if someone ruins their race, but I have no anger at all as long as the guy apologizes. 
I've just got angry at a receptionist.I think that I should not have, but when someone is bad and he/she just tries to exploit or takes advantage of me, I explode and get mad at him/her. But, evil people never feel sorry and just sadistically enjoy to see mad people like me, so all my anger towards them are in vain. I think I should be more calm, but how can I? &nbsp;Edit: A night passed and I am still mad. I feel some bitter feeling in my stomach which makes me feel sick. Anger makes me feel sick; therefore, it is not people who make me feel, but my emotional reaction towards them. My emotional reaction not only affected my health condition, but affected my behavior as well. I went to a place for a community event today, but the place was locked because I took the wrong date. It will be held next week. I feel like telling myself I am stupid to have made such a foolish mistake, but instead, I need to teach myself how to control my anger.   &nbsp;Edit 1: Two nights passed. I am anxious. They keep my possession. They promised me to return it, but I am not sure if they will do it. I cannot have control over behaviors of abusers, but I can have control over my behaviors. I am responsible for my behaviors and not abusers. &nbsp;  Self-reflection: Q: When do I get mad?A: I get mad when people are not sincere to me. I REALLY get mad. I cannot be mentally stable or calm when people tell me a lie or deceive,  especially when one is polite and look professional with a smooth talk, but in fact they have hidden agenda or something in their chest. Since they are a smooth talker and I am a mad one, usually I am the one who look bad, but bad are they!    This is my true values: one should be sincere to each other. I really cherish the values. I want to belong to a community/society in which one is sincere to each other; therefore when one is not sincere and tries to destroy my sense of values, I get really mad at them. Such an attack on my values drive me utterly crazy.  So...yes, I have a problem dealing with unreasonable situations in life and controlling my anger.&nbsp;Q: When do I get further mad?I get further mad when people's insincerity is exposed or clear, but they do not feel bad or change themselves. However, I need to know that I have no power to change them and I keep frustrated if I EXPECT them to be changed. What I need to believe is that I have power to change myself. It is fine to feel angry at insincere people because it is a very logical response to evilness, but do not try to change them. Instead, I can tell my request whether they accept it or not. Do not feel overwhelmed. Trust myself, but do not trust them. Try to be myself. Get relaxed. Do not feel ashamed to feel angry. This society tends to approve people with cool head and look down on people who are emotional and cannot be calm, but it is fine to be emotional because I am human.&nbsp;Q: How do I behave when I get mad?A: I stop talking to someone who made me mad.  &nbsp;Edit2: I am not comfortable at all when someone approaches me for their own selfish purpose. They might see me as a easy prey. I tend to feel ashamed to be seen as such. But they do not know me and how they judge me is not relevant to who I am. I need to keep in my mind that abusers have NO ability to get to know me. Even though they see me as a worthless one, I don't see me as such.They look down on me and feel satisfied. They are responsible for their own selfish needs and I am responsible for my own needs. I do not need to damage my self-worth after I am abused. I am not perfect, but abusers attack me for being a human and not being a perfect person. Abusers are unrealistic.
So, taking a shower, I was running my hand through my hair and I began to get unreasonably angry. This isn't completely out of the blue - I got a haircut yesterday. I said to the woman, "I'm getting tired of feeling like I have darth vader's helmet for hair. Could you lighten it a little bit and maybe add some layers?" Apparently, in stylist la-la land, this means, "I don't like hair. Please cut it all off and give me a weird pixie cut." So, back to the shower, I'm getting livid thinking about this and I punch the wall. I want to punch the glass. I realise at the last second that this is a bad idea and I get out and start messaging my mom about the ordeal on my cellphone. Autocorrect takes over and starts changing all the words I'm typing. My fat fingers keep pressing the wrong keys, over and over and over and over again. I throw my phone as hard as I can at the ground. Even through the casing, it pops the screen out of the shell of the phone and ruins the SIM card port. I'm REALLY mad now and I go to the living room and find the box my shoes were delivered in and I beat it as hard as I can with my ratan sticks...which isn't very hard, because they're ratan sticks. So I kick it to the ground, grab a knife and stab it until my arm is sore. This level of anger isn't at all an uncommon occurence. It feels like I'm constantly living in some shade of anger, whether it's that strong or not. From mild irritation to full-blown want-to-hurt-things anger. I've managed to avoid ACTUALLY hurting anyone, but I feel like it's just a matter of a blow up at the wrong time.Not really sure what to do. My shrink at the VA is basically useless; though, I suspect that's common to most shrinks. Thoughts?
Hello everyone. I hope I'm doing this right. Let me know if not.I've always been a bit short tempered my whole life. I think the reasons why have been because of a few negative influences from my family, like being ignored, neglected, made fun of here and there, not taken seriously, and so on. So as a result, I've grown to somewhat hate my family (My parents and my older sister). It's died down somewhat but I just now don't care for them much.Things got better when I started dating my girlfriend almost 5 years ago because she's really the only person that's ever loved me. And her family is big and love each other a lot. This helped fill the hole in my chest; the family I always wanted. It helped me appreciate my family a bit too. But as the years have gone by, I'm learning just how much her family secretly despise one another. I can't tell if this is just normal jabber everyone talks about each other here and there, innocent stuff, and it goes away when they really need each other. Or if they really do all dislike each other. At big family gatherings, they all seem so close and warm though. And it's not just within their own family, but I've begun to notice that they judge others based on so many things as well. Things that would make me step back a bit - like I don't want to associate myself with them. It's worth noting that most of them are devout Catholics (Filipino's are heavily Catholic), so passing judgement should be avoided. At least, that's what I think Catholicism preaches.Which brings me to my dream. I dislike my family for the way they've treated me but they're still my family. I can't help but to defend them instinctively when I know they are being offended. In my dream, I brought my parents over to my girlfriends family party for the first time (they still haven't met in real life yet). In the dream, all I kept seeing was small groups of my girlfriends family, including my girlfriend, huddled up, whispering things about my parents. And when they would whisper, they would laugh, turn their heads to look at us over their shoulder and then go back to laughing to themselves. This dream lasted what felt like days of mental torture. My parents were being ridiculed and embarrassed, while I was standing there seeing it all happen. My mother was crying and my dad was just consoling her the entire time, while looking at me like I brought them here to be roasted. It made me want to physically harm them for the distress they caused my parents. And it made me feel guilty for all of it.I woke up 4am in the morning, with a, sweaty palms, heart racing and ready to just fight someone. That was 6 hours ago and right now I'm so, so very angry. I can't drop it. I don't know what to do with this rage going on inside me right now. It's like I'm anticipating an argument to happen, most likely started by me, against my girlfriend and her family. Like I'm holding onto a grudge that doesn't exist.
Basically my Son managed to lock us out of his tablet he uses for school.When I see what he has done I lose my shit, I mean I shout at him, call him stupid, tell him that he better take a pen and paper to class because he's too stupid to use a tablet - really saying stuff that badly damages his already shakey self confidence.My wife shouts at me for being so ugly (rightfully) but then I lose my temper with her.My Son is crying his heart out, my wife thinks I'm a dog and my daughter is upset with all the fighting.**I'm angry all the time!! Strangely I'm the nicest guy at work, never lose my temper, always friendly - my family bears the brunt of my anger and I know it's wrong**I'm 45 yrs old and I'm terrified I'm pushing my family away. I also seem to have less control, the older I get.What do I do?
I just screamed at my cat, and stopped myself because he shut down my laptop work twice. So I feel like I'm in a position to talk about what I'm struggling with. I have major depressive disorder. My mood has been unstable, and last year went from good-to-worse, and I needed to be hospitalized for suicidal intent. Thankfully, I will be going back to university (Towson University) in the fall, but until then I feel as if I need to make changes for my emotional health. One of them is anger. I often find myself getting violently provoked over smaller things, i.e. my cat. I'm one of those "nice guys" who is secretly spiteful towards a lot of people and things. Being passive aggressive has led to me not being able to properly express or manage my anger. I feel as if I need to learn this in order to grow, so can anyone help me?
Its like every feeling starts with a taste of what I'm supposed to feel but then it all just all fades in to different kinds of anger. The worst part is that i dont really know if it has hurt me. I think I am the person I am today partially because of my anger. And at the moment i kinda like me..The reason im posting this is that for the first time in a long while i feel something other than anger. And to be honest i dont know what to do.
As a childhood I was never confident or assertive. started around when I was in 7th or 8th grade, went on throughout high school. I'm a junior in college now and the problem has resurfaced. I guess now that i'm an adult, the effects of my childhood and teenage trauma are taking their toll. It feel like every person just can't get along with me or can't be friendly towards me for too long. Every night when I'm in the city or every time i'm in a heavily populated area, if one person even looks at me with a suggestive or provocative expression, I will make my dismay known by getting in their face or provoking them to fight. A few times it has been successful. Please, I don't want to do anything harmful or reckless.
I've always had a lot of problems with controlling my anger, since i was like 4 or 5 I got in allot of trouble, and i took classes to help control my anger, along with other kids who had anger problems, and i took these classes 2 or 3 times, and in school in in my classes they always say "I'f your having a dispute with someone, get a teacher" yet when i get in tussles with other people at my school i have this feeling that getting a teacher wont resolve the issue, because i have this feeling when i get angry with someone at my school, i have this feeling that says that taking matters into my own hands is the only way to resolve a dispute, and i know a lot of people have this feeling, but the way it influences my brain, combined with my ADHD and Asperger's and the fact that puberty is fucking with my head, makes me feel like i'm a dangerous person and that i would be doing the world a favor if i died.Furthermore, the fact that i only have 3 or 4 ways of resolving my anger as follows1. I just let it ball up inside the deepest, darkest part of my brainbut the flaw in this is that if i get into another fight, the balled up anger combined with my already existing anger, makes me have a sudden outburst of uncontrollable anger, which usually ends up with me getting suspended2. I just walk away with my face steaming red in anger and embarrassment as the students whom I'm walking away from laugh at me, and mock me and try to find some way to just forget the fact that they exist3. I get a teacher to help fix the problem, but i cant bring myself to do this very often because sometimes, when I'm angry it just feels like my anger is like a demon possessing me, when the time is right it takes control of me and i do things i don't want to do, but when i can resist the urge to bash the students face in who pushed me into a puddle of snowy slush, I try as hard as i can to try not to hurt them and get a teacher to resolve the issue.4. I just go completely berserk and go apeshit on the person who angered me, and i try so hard to use this to resolve a fight, but like i said earlier, sometimes my anger just takes control of me.And i think the main source of my anger problems comes from the combination of my ADHD, Asperger's my own foolishness and my Dad's genes,  but i cant blame him, i sometimes do really stupid shit that pisses him off greatly, and he's 56 he's been through a lot, he works as a mechanic and cuts himself up a lot at work, and broke his arm 2 or 3 times, and a few months ago, his car got fucked up by a deer, and he got pretty hurt, and that deer cost him like 8000 dollars to get his car repaired, so i cant really blame anyone except for myself, and my mental conditions.And i really do try to have more self-control when i get angry, I've thought about asking my parents to get me a psychiatrist, but i'm to afraid to ask, and i have some very deep, dark secrets i don't want anyone to know, and i would feel very uncomfortable telling them all of my secrets that I've never told anyone but myself.As for the feeling that i would be doing the world a service if i was dead, i actually do feel that way sometimes, and i have very bad ways of taking out my anger, talking shit to people on DeviantART back-lashing at my friends, and when I draw a charterer of my friends O.C on DA, i feel fine about it, but the second someone draws/mentions me on DA if they say one negative thing about me, I go completely insane, because i feel so insecure about my reputation on and offline that i feel the need to show the world that if they mess with me there will be consequences, even though it doesn't help my reputation, it just ruins it more, and sometimes i just feel really nihilistic about everything because on some days i think to myself "whats the point of even trying in life, when one day its all going to end, rendering everything I've accomplished, worthless" and it's on those kind of days i realize that "my Dad might die in a few years" or "my dog might kick the buckets in 1 more month" and its when those thoughts enter my head, i feel really sad, and nihilistic.It feels good to finally get this stuff of my chest, I've been holding back expressing how i actually feel for a long time, feels good to finally talk about this.And to all of you reading this, NEVER mention this post outside of this sub reddit okay?
I feel bad you felt it was so important to "be in it to win it" that you would resort to mugging a harmless dude buying his mom's quick picks. I don't know what lead you to this, desperation or greed, I just hope you find in life what it is that you need to stop acting in violence. I hope I didn't hurt your jaw/cheek too bad (where ever the hit landed). You didn't hit me too bad and I will be fine. I hope you do not try this again because the next person may not be able to stop with one punch. It took every moment of practice and ever ounce of insight to not lose my temper and rage the moment you took that first swing. I would like to thank you for testing me.
So, here's the story- I'm a very laid back and friendly fellow, I've honestly never snapped or taken a "tone" with anybody in 30 years of life. I don't even really get mad ever. However, the only time I get even vaguely irritable is with my wife. When I get busy with work, tired, or stressed, I can say things with a... less than sensitive tone. Never yelling, never shouting, never calling names. But my tone does express some irritation at being interrupted, even though it is often not aimed at her on purpose. My brain is irritated at changing tracks and it comes out in my voice with her that I have been irritated and sometimes I reply in a snappy way.Possibly it's also because I am a giant and apparently my gestures and voice can be intimidating. I've always worked hard on moderating that because I don't like seeing people flinch when I emote...The result is that she gets mad, snapping back twice as hard. Often I will hijack and try and defend my initial reaction (a mistake I know, but it happens so fast it leaves my head spinning and is out of control before I can stop it). This usually devolves into her saying she hates me, shouting at me, crying, and saying she wishes I would leave. I try to let it wash over me, and I do my very best not to let it control me. I don't yell back, and keep saying I'm sorry. But eventually I do get so confused and exhausted I will say things I really don't mean like I want to kill myself. Her response is I'm emotionally manipulating her, which I suppose I am, though I'm really trying to communicate that her words are hurting me so deeply I could die and I'm very sorry that she is feeling so hurt.This has been going on for 10 years, and I have yet to find a real solution to the problem. So that is probably part of her exasperation with me. I don't want to snap, and I don't want to be irritable, and it really is only with her that this happens ever.We both work from home for our own business, live in a new city with no friends, so we are rarely apart. So this happens often. Not really able to change that... I grew up in a family where my father was extremely snappy and irritable, though he was a good dad, we all walked on egg shells around him, and I don't want that to be the case in my family.TL:DR: What can I do? Does anybody have any good resources for dealing with this sort of thing? How can I stop myself from being irritated when stressed, tired, and busy? And how can I defuse a situation when it does happen?
**Little TL;DR to sum up this WOT so you know if you want to read: I was loving a girls that ruined my life and after years of sadness I found out peace with myself, but sometimes I get anger and I think about her, about how she ruined my life cause now I am an asshole compared to years ago**    I am M 19, I work and I study at the university, english is not my first language so probabilly there will be mistakes. I don't even know if is better to make this post there or on /r/offmychest.    Years ago I felt in love with a girl (that I will call Al), She took everything good from me, or that's what I am thinking.  I felt so much sadness during all the time that I was in contact with her. I was doing anything for her, and she was just exploiting me. I was a nice guy, I was carefree, now I am a selfish, I don't care anymore about the people around me, if someone important left I don't even feel sad and I don't even think this is a bad thing just I would have done years ago (my Grandma got cancer month ago and I felt like nothing, not even sad even if she was a great relative for me). After years of pain I finally lefted Al thinking that I am strong enough to leave these insane love that was ruining me, and convincing myself that I wasn't anymore in love with her.    After some months I was feeling like I was still in love of Al, she sometimes texted me and sometimes I texted her back, but everytime was like she was in a different mood. Sometimes she was friendly, sometimes she was aggressive, sometimes she was acid,... We texted sometimes for 1-2 days every 5 months. Now are passed years, I have good friend but I never told them my problems, even when I was suffering cause this girl I never told to someone my problems just because I was thinking that no one would understand. Now I have still my friend and sometimes we hang out but nothing more, I am still alone and I haven't felt any love or interest in any girl. Even if I have friends there are times where I feel like I am lonely and I don't think that any friendship could heal this kind of loneliness.    Some night I feel so lonely that this brings me to text at Al, usually she reply like an asshole / acid person, so I promised myself to never text her, only text-back.    Some week ago I started feeling really anger and full of hate, first I was proving hate towars a friend of mine, but after a night spend all the time on chat with him (cause he live quite distant to me, 50-100 km) I have confessed my hate towars him and I found this really liberating, so I stopped feeling anger for some days.    Then nowadays I started feeling anger towars Al. I feel like she ruined anything about me and my life. I started thinking bad thing like death or even worse against her, fortunately we now live 700 km, ~434 miles away so there isn't the risk that I will do something physical against her. Usually I feel good with myself even after all I have passed but now sometimes there are these tought that bring me in anger and hate.    I have met a girl nowadays but I totally think that we are not liking eachother for our "spirit" (like love would do) but we are liking eachother for how are we, how are my hair and my face, and how are her face and her body, I just feel like superficial (things that years ago I would have hated, when now I just accept it). This relationship is not really what I would wanted years ago, while now It don't even bother me, if She would left me like today I won't even feel sad and I won't even beg her to turn back, and also the only thing that we want from this relationship is sex. She want make sex with me, and I don't think that is a bad thing so even now "ok whatever you want, I don't care".   I have never unleashed my anger but sometimes it brings me to feel like I need to punch something. I have done lots of sports (Soccer, Rugby, Swimming, Basket,..), even two martial arts (Judo and Kick Boxing) but I have never had a fight with someone, and I never felt so anger. I was thinking about buying a punching bag to vent, money are not a problem but I have to convince my parents that I will use it and it won't be a waste of money (cause I don't do sport since years and sometimes I buy thing that I don't use at all).    Back when I was frequenting school I was really happy when we were doing physical education, I was always giving the maxium of my and always at the end I was exhausted but really happy like it was a vent.    I have tried to go running and run untill I am exhausted but I don't really feel like really I vented. The punching bag is a fixed idea on the perfect thing to channel my hate and anger but I am not even sure if this woul help.    I have never get visited for mental problem, (I have a little dyscalculia but I don't think that mean something with anger) and I don't know if I should, I don't even know how much it would cost (and I don't think that I would confess this to my parents so I would only use my private money) and I don't even know where to go and how much would be distant from my house (I don't live in a big city). I drink coffe everyday, something like 4-5 cup of coffee at day, and sometimes I feel stressed, I don't think how much this could influence me.    Any constructive discussion/advice is well welcome.
i have chronic bad karma. i am a good person, i am nice to most people, when shit goes wrong for me i blow up and estroy everything. i have nothing nice because i have destroyed it. im 29 years old and havent got ahead in life at all. I am the person that the bus comes late every time i need to use it. OR. cell phone towers go down the minute i need to tell bosses im going to be late because of said buses. my parents say they are helping me, they attempt, but it always hurts me worse. as of now, i have been walking for3 years, suspended license, did 3 months in jail for first driving while suspended. only ticket i had. driving while suspended, so my life kind of crashed after that. fast forward and i think im getting stuff together. my parents got me a vehicle for xmas, said it would be good, mechanic checked it all over, good to go, so proud of me for getting everything together, and boom. the fucking trucks engine blows. i drove it maybe 10 times back and forth to work, oil in it, all the things it needs. so im late for work yet again, and unleash the wrath upon this broken pile of shit. it was a 93 ford, body was good, everything is good on it, until i unleashed. its totaled. i fucked up my xmas gift, my parents were trying to help me, but they failed, so i destroyed it. i dont know what to do. i scared my girlfriend because she has never seen me rage that hard, she wasnt there during the attack, but saw the aftermath, and now im back to getting rides and the bus and shit because of the blown engine, but now im a fucking loser becausei had a car for 2 weeks and it died. im so close to wanting to kill myself. i have wanted to kill myself so many times, i have tried it, slit wrists, people found me, just like that, i cant even kill myself right

I have anger issues. It has gotten me in tons of trouble and fired from at least one job. They put in the paperwork that I came off as "off putting" but looking back I realize that honestly I was out of control, I raised my voice at a employee, I often asked female employees why someone would talk shit, mostly as a defensive innuendo for them to stop talking about me, and I would fly off the handle on a regular basis. So now I'm at my new job, as a lot attendant/bouncer/cashier at a strip club. I usually keep to myself, because most of the girls are constantly talking about me. Some compliments, mostly criticism. I get a whole lot of "he's strange/weird", but what really bothers me is when I'm called "creepy". Keep in mind these are the people I'm hired to protect, I mean them absolutely no harm. When they come out of Their cars, I greet them, tell them they look nice, and walk them to the front door, often carrying their luggage. I've gotten a few sexual advances but I don't like to shit where I eat, so I don't really try to reply with are finite yes. Back to the topic I was at work today, a little irritated already, and one of the waitresses shows up. I was giving her the usual spiel, asking how her day was going while simultaneously trying to sign her in and tell management that she's here. And I remembered that she had one of my cd's that I let her borrow because she wanted to listen to it. She said she didn't have it and game me her number to make sure she brought it next time. When she gave me her number, she walked inside the club and I heard her say to one of the other waitresses "I can't believe I gave that creep my number." I was livid, I had to get back at her. So when she was all dressed and working I asked her for a lemonade. I informed her that I wasn't interested in her at all, and I just wanted my property back, she gave me this shocked look and said of course. I'm positive she knew I heard her. The problem is, why am I so upset by it? I honestly wanted to put her in her place. How can a quell my rage? Honestly this is the first time I felt like putting my hands on a woman and I'm scared by that thought. I need to get this out of my system and hear other people's opinions about it
Well maybe it starts as frustration but it very quickly escalates to swearing and trying not to throw things. It's ussually in regards to something that should be simple, but I have a very difficult time grasping or get easily frustrated trying to understand it. This ussually results in me thinking 'fuck this' and abandoning said project altogether, which is even more annoying as I find it very difficult to motivate myself. Can any of you relate? How do I prevent myself 'ejecting' so early or constantly feeling like a dumbass?Please refrain from trolling, Im not really in the mood right now. Thanks.
Guy tried to steal my sandwich. So I smashed his phone and pushed him. I never used to do stuff like this and it scares me. Disproportionate retribution has always kinda been my thing but not on this level. What I did was completely unfair. And I hadn't been in a physical confrontation in years. I don't want my frustration to get the better of me like this. I always used to have a long fuse and I like it that way. 
I need help fast guys I just ran away from my home, because I had an "episode" with my sister. I don't know what got into me, I started getting louder and louder. I'm thinking about going to the hospital to see what's up with me but I don't think it's open. 
I suppose you can say that since I was a child, I always had some anger problems that would pop up but nothing short of what most children would experience. Although, I was taught to constrict and confine those emotions and that's what I always had done which has been particularly useful in my job since I deal with some very frustrating people from time to time. In most, if not all, of those situations I get a bit choked up with the tightness of my throat and tensing up but I usually swallow those feelings and let things go. Although, today was a different story. I was working with a particular customer that I had worked with on a few other occasions before; not a hard guy to get along with but today he began to push my buttons when he started making up false claims and started belittling me and the integrity of my work. Unlike any other situation before where I just shut up and take it, I felt the familiar tightness in my throat and managed to wheeze out a "Don't tell me how to do my job." Followed by me telling the customer to get out, take his paperwork with him and get out. After he left, I remember just turning to my computer and trying to recollect myself in front of the others even though the weakness of my voice was apparent when I snapped. I honestly don't remember much about it or what specifically happened; I feel like my vision was blurry and the details were foggy and I don't know what to feel about that. In some way it felt liberating, humiliating and worrisome that I snapped like that. A lot of the times I have been pushed to the edge but I never gone over it. Not really sure how to feel on that.
I'm not sure if this is the right sub, but i need to say these things to some kindreds.My husband helped me realize that "never getting angry" is not really healthy. Also, as it turns out "never" feeling jealous or envious or cruel is also imbalanced. When i started reading about households with taboo emotions, whoo buddy! Why do i still throw tantrums at age 28? Why do i think i am sad or hurt or literally anything else besides angry? It is easier to make the list of emotions which were allowed in my house growing up. I ended up just shutting down from about age 11 until long after i moved out. Every time my mom asked if i was okay i wanted to hurt her. Her concern angered me to an unbelievable degree (and still does), but i knew i would be unlovable if i was angry, so i shrugged and ignored her every time after a certain point.I'm just now getting some footing in this adulthood thing. I've alienated a lot of people, i have no friends. For the first time, i am not blaming them.Still, i really wish i had someone to talk to. I don't want to go to a shrink, had several bad experiences with unnecessary medications and the eventual horrors of reperidol. Not ruling it out forever, but that whole field needs an overhaul.Just a taste: i felt unappreciated earlier and as soon as my husband stepped out to smoke i began wailing on the 40lb bag of cat litter i had carried home four blocks. I beat it until it burst, luckily not a huge mess. Getting angry again just thinking about it.That felt nice. Whoo. Anger takes a lot of energy.
I might have to start charting these, but almost daily, I get these rage fits.  Just intense feelings of anger.  I am quiet.  I do it in my room away from people.  I don't throw or damage anything.  I can't link it to the other abuse going on in my house.  Typically its directed at things I can't control or don't directly effect me anymore, so its not even a current person's actions.  (I am in the middle of breaking up with someone and I feel nothing.  When my brother is in the middle of one his more aggressive abusive streaks, I feel nothing.  Obama's new gun regulations I went off on, just based on the hate I feel from listening to Rush and Michael Savage.  And I don't like those two guys and I think the regulations are reasonable uses of executive power.)Sometimes I feel like its just a way of feeling something through the depression and other negative aspects of my life.  I know it can't be good.  But I'm not harming myself or anyone else, other than maybe heart and blood pressure issues maybe.
TL;DR -- GF didn't close cat out of bedroom, couldn't find cat by time I wanted to go to sleep, cat *will* wake us up if not found, I lost my damn mind----------------------------The situation:* My GF and I do not have the same work or sleep schedules.  * IF the animals are not shut out of the bedroom at night, THE CAT will decide it's time for her to get up at 3-4 AM and wake her up. (this sometimes also wakes me up, but I never sleep well in the first place)* This ruins her entire day * Her ruined days tend to wreck mine too* I am ALSO doing the cliche Lose Weight NY Resolution and getting sleep is important for thatSo, last night, GF went to bed hours before, I'm getting tired so I start doing the nightly rituals...  contacts out, brush teeth, walk the dog, give the dog a treat, and then... shake the bag of cat treats so she comes running and I can give her a treat.Only she doesn't come.I look for her, she's not upstairs.  I check downstairs and see, Why Yes, the bedroom door has been left open...  (Even though the GF went to bed already)I shake the bag some more, no cat.   And... then I just snap.  All I wanted was to close the bedroom door.  But I can't do that without knowing the cat isn't in there, because the litter box damn well isn't in our bedroom.  AND she WILL start pawing the GFs face at 3 AM, which will set up the dominos that lead to the GF having a terrible day and me probably having a terrible day too.Over a fucking CAT.Anyway...  My zero-coping-skill response is to flip on the light demand to know where the cat is, demand to know why GF didn't close the door before she went to bed, swing a long ice scraper under the bed trying to shoo the cat out (without seeing the cat under there, mind you...)  break the ice scraper on the end of the bed, shout swear words that I'm sure woke the neighbors (around 10:30-11ish, I guess?), threaten to put the cat in a sack and drown it in the nearby stream when I find her...  And finally issue the ultimatum that if I wind up sleeping on the couch as a result of the cat that we are taking her back to the pound.
I'm using a throwaway for anonymity and because some of the details below are sensitive. We've been together about a year; I'm older than he is. Both of us come from shitty childhoods: His father was a physically and emotionally abusive alcoholic (and he lost his father in a fight a few years ago, which adds to things); my mother was primarily emotionally abusive and my dad struggled with alcoholism for decades. As a result, both of us are depressed. My depression is mixed with anxiety and mild autism. His depression has manifested in PTSD, jealousy and occasional outbursts of rage over things I say.Despite all this, we have a pretty good relationship otherwise. He can be very kind and physically affectionate; he's generous and helpful, highly intelligent, artistic, funny, bluntly honest, and gorgeous. He's usually pretty understanding of my issues, and I of his, _until he gets mad._ When this happens, he sees red and seems to feel everyone wants his blood. I can't reason with him. Last night we were playing a game. We were flipping each other off, getting fairly cocky and just having a good time, then I made a (harmless, to me) joke that caused him to flip the table and hurl nasty, vile insults at me for half an hour. I don't even want to repeat them here, but I'll give you the gist: He insulted features of my naked body that I thought he loved; he called me a 'stupid autistic bitch'; he said that I was too slow to understand that what I said would hurt him or anyone when I apologized; he said I was friendless (I'm not, but he mostly is) and that he pitied me...there was more, and it just went on for _ages_. When I'd had enough and got ready to spend the night at a friend's, he accused me of running off to cheat on him and said he didn't trust me.This is the worst his anger towards me has ever been, and now my trust in him is shattered. I don't feel I can confide in him (it was difficult enough telling him that I'm autistic) and I don't even want him to see me naked anymore. Is this salvageable? Can anyone here help me understand his reaction?
Whenever I hear something that angries me up (angries? Is that a word?) I tend to lose control. It's just "I DON'T CARE THAT I SHOULDN'T BE DOING THIS, MY EMOTIONS ARE TAKING OVER MY BRAIN FOR THE NEXT 3 MINUTES AND I'M GONNA HURT YOU." Going on in my mind. And I want to know productive things I can put this emotional and impulsive anger into. And, if it helps you tell what kind of angry I get, I usually cry tears of anger while rushing at whoever angered me. I'm also male, if that helps at all.
I can't do this any more. Today I had a simple plan. I was going to put a braise on the burner and watch a movie with my mom. Life had other plansAfter minor frustration preparing the meat, I got it simmering in my pressure cooker and left it to watch a movie on my new apple tv. when we tried to rent a movie through itunes, we quickly realized we didn't remember our password, so we had to reset it, only to find out that our chosen password wasn't secure enough by their arbitrary standards, so we tried another one. we tried to rent the movie again and were told told to verify our payment options. We did that and tried again only to be told to enter our payment options. I looked it up and we didn't have any card on the account, so we set it up. Next it told us to enter the security code, which we did. We tried again, it told us to enter the security code. we did and tried again. Verify the account information. It just looped over and over. Soon we found out that it wasn't accpeting the security code. We entered it, verified it, and watched as itunes at up the security code like it was a speck of dust that wandered too close to a black hole.By this point I was already throwing a fit, and slamming my phone again and again against the hardwood floor (thank god for strong cases). I called apple tech support, wait an infuriatingly long time for the computer to process each word. When I told it I was having problems with my payment options, it told me to go to the website and hung up. After several more trys I finally got put on hold for 20 minutes after which I gave up. It was then that I realized my braise was burning. The entire thing had turned to ash inside the pressure cooker and coated the inside with a layer of burnt caramel an inch thick. This was the point where I started slamming everything against everything else while my mom spent half an hour hiding from me in the bathroom.I'm done. I can't take this anymore. I can't keep living with these pent up anger issues. I terrify the people I love, I hate everything there is about myself and the world around me, and I have to deny myself love and family because I can't bear to be the source of someone else's pain
Anyone ever get to the point of no return.  Where your thoughts of killing someone and shoving weapon into their body barely makes you feel any guilt or remorse?  The more important question is can I change this and how can I change this?
I have a base level of anger, every day I'm angry and the only thing that changes is how angrier I get that day.Anyone else on this boat ?
I have a really weird problem with anger. I'm a pretty friendly and nice person in social settings, I can't remember a single instance where I've lost my temper at someone in public. I just think it's entirely inappropriate to raise my voice or get angry around others.I also don't have an issue with anger whenever I face serious or life changing problems. I've had people do a hit and run on my car, dealt with the suicide of friend, have a father who's been debilitated with a serious long term illness, been involved in an extreme stressful on and off relationship with the survivor of sexual abuse over *10 years* - and yet I've been able to get through and deal with all of these problems without resorting to anger.But for some weird reason, I *absoulutely* lose my mind - quite literally, lose my mind, over the smallest things. Today I was trying to blow out a candle - it didn't work after the first 3 attempts like it usually does, so I gave it a stronger blow and got wax all over the wall - I fucking lost my shit. I started shouting and screamed in high pitched voices that didn't even sound human, I shoved my fingers into my eye sockets and injured my neck. I beat myself over the head with my hand repeatedly.And it isn't the first time either. Misplaced keys, a document I require not being where it should be, writing up a long reddit post that accidentally gets deleted.. I've noticed that small, random, unexpected and unfortunate events can set me off like *nothing else* - and I've also noticed that it *only* ever happens when I'm alone.I'm having a hard time trying to work out where the source of all this anger comes from. Whether it's past events or the way I rarely express or assert negative emotions in social situations. I'm not even sure if knowing where it all comes from matters - I've tried to cultivate skills in mindfulness and meditation as a solution, but it becomes extremely difficult when the triggers are so sudden and random.
I hate my job. I hate it so, so much. I won't get into details but my boss is negative and manipulative and the environment has become poisonous. Everyday on the way home from work I scream at the top of my lungs and beat on my steering wheel. It's the point where I'm carrying this anger around with me all the time thinking of my next shift. It's a shitty retail job and I'm searching for a new one but in the meantime I've got school and rent and I don't want a gap in my resume so I've got to stay. Does anyone else have experience with work related anger invading their whole life?
I cant do anything right. I try my hardest to change but i still fuck up. everyday i try to talk to people, to make friends but nothing. i know not to give up but its hard to be constantly turned down. I don't have any anger towards others only myself. sometimes i wish i could have someone hold a gun to my head and yell at me to keep trying harder, because I'm starting not to care anymore. no matter how much I change it'll never be enough. every part of me can be perfect but if i can't even hold a conversation non of it matters. i really shouldn't exist.
Hey Reddit,I've been conflicted by a confrontation I had this New Year's Day. A bit of history in me and anger. A few years back I had a lot of anger problems which led to me almost loosing someone close to me and to the point I was arrested. Charges were dropped and I realised I needed help and I went to anger management and have completed the course and got rid of the bad people in my life. With these tools I have a good idea how to control my anger and have been able to for the past two years but this morning on my way home from a New Years party I snapped. Fortunately I had my friend there who pulled me away or who know how much worse it could be. So what happened. It was around 4 Am and I was with my fianc, her friend, and my one friend. We were on a train back home from a New Years party. Fairly busy too. I at this point had a few to drink so I wasn't in my right mind. I wasn't far gone that I didn't know my surroundings I was fully aware of what was going on but I was a little looser than normal. So the train stops at a station and few more people get in and two of them where smoking on the train. Now I have nothing against smokers. I was one for seven years and have stopped now 3 years. What I do have a problem is being in a closed container and forced upon cigarette smoke. So I politely asked him to put it out. He gave me attitude which made me angry, my fianc then saw I was getting angry and jumped in between me and and covered my mouth to try stop me talking. This made me angry so I begun swearing at him and making it worse. With my blood already boiling my fianc said If you carry on I won't marry you. This as I hope some of you would understand can fuel an already burning fire. She then started slapping me which made it even worse. But from what I learned in anger management I composed my self and started breathing and assessing my surroundings and making sense of what was happening, understand what I was feeling. In this process I got a lonely feeling an the sense as everyone was a against me and no one in this train was on my side. Not my fianc, nor my close friend. Well this is what I could see. At this moment I saw this guy light up another while staring at me smiling and blew the smoke in my face. I lost it. I threw a bottle at him, was a plastic Fanta bottle. And hit him in the face and I lunged at him and hit him. This point my friend pulled me and dragged me off the train. He stood in the train smiling watching me as the train left the station while my friend held me. No one did a thing. Now I under stand my fianc stopping me was for my own good an a way to protect me. I understand my mate pulling me away was him looking out for me and I understand jumping him is wrong. But what's eating at my now is was I right to confront him. Should I have just left him be. my internal struggle now is the memory of everyone against me and me on my own in what I believe was the right thing to do. Im not asking for approval for what I did, just an understanding from people who I'm sure know the feeling.Thanks for reading 
I get angry. Everyone does. But the way I get angry isn't healthy for anyone.I get very...competitive, and I get agitated easily when I don't preform well or I just get flat out annoyed with the other person. Competition changes me, and I become this rage-fueled asshole who hurts those around him. I'm scaring my friends, I'm scaring me, and it's just exhausting all around. It's not helping me get any better at the things I love, and it's making people around me upset. I just wish I knew how to get around it.What can I do? How can I work around my anger? Or more importantly, how can I find a way to use my anger for something that'll help me instead of hurt me? I want to be mentally well but my temper just doesn't let me.
Sometimes i get these strange waves of anger, for absolutely no reason. It used to be blind rage and i would smash things e.g my bedroom or kitchen. Now days im just a moody shit. I have suffered from depression so it might be linked but ive never spoken to someone about it before and its affecting my relationship with my Girlfriend and Mum. I really dont want this to keep happening but i dont know what to do to stop it anymore. Advice will be greatly appreciated.
Anger postSo for the past few years, starting roughly in my freshman year of high school, I've slowly become more and more angry with each passing day and year. I say it started my freshman year because that's when I started having extreme outburst. I'm 20 years old now and the problem continues to progress. Outbursts are still extremely rare but when I get angry it's getting harder and harder to exhibit anything even remotely resembling self-control. When I'm really riled up, I act in an extremely destructive fashion, breaking things, fights, etc. I also generally cannot be reasoned with. Part of the reason for this is that, in a way, I enjoy being angry. I feel warm. I feel alive. I revel in the feeling of power and strength. I feel "free" in a sense. I walk around with the feeling that sometimes I have a monster inside and he is tired of being controlled. And as someone who grew up in an extremely religious household with a lot rules, it is a great feeling to occasionally shed my metaphorical chains.At this point you may be wondering why this is a problem, considering that I apparently enjoy it so much. Well it's starting to intrude into my very few personal relationships and I think it's ruining my already questionable mental health in the long-term. I'm finding it harder to control myself around the few people I feel comfortable around and put bluntly I really do not care how they feel about my words or actions when I am in said scenario. But at the same time I don't want to push them away, as these people are very few and far between.As a light-weight example, a while ago me and my best (read: only) friend were playing a little 1 on 1. As a very competitive person, I was disappointed in my performance and decided to turn up the heat, particularly on defense. Eventually he just started shooting jumpers so he didn't have to deal with it. For some, reason this pissed me off. So I went in on him even harder, to the point I could pretty much take the ball and score at will. Even after I had built up a significant lead and he'd all but given up, I was still bloodthirsty. I was not satisfied after winning and wanted to play another game. Long short he didn't, and even I recognized I was being a bit of a douche. Not that I cared.^ The last sentence is pretty indicative of my mindset when I'm angry. I do not care. In fact, the main reasons that I may not act on my angry impulses is that I don't want to go to jail, get kicked out of the house, or lose my job.So what exactly should I do about this situation? It's to the point were I can smoke a blunt, and instead of chilling out I actually become more emotional and angry than normal.In any event thanks for reading. Note: Feels good to type it out.Edit: Two things I forgot to mention that I think are important. The first is that this is beginning to seriously affect my ability to sleep. Whenever I'm laying in bed I'm often left alone with my raging thoughts swirling around on the inside. I typically reflect on some problem I have, slowly get frustrated, and keep myself awake. If I do manage to fall asleep I toss and turn and it isn't particularly restful.The second thing is that my music is pretty much my enabler, for lack of a better term. If I don't have my music with me during the day I can get almost comically irritable at the tiniest things. Music is one of the few things that keeps me sane.

So if you feel like it, check my submitteds to relationships to see what I've been going through the last couple of months.  Basically in October my wife decided that she wasn't in love with me anymore, that she had feelings for someone else and that she wanted to have a trial separation.  We've been working on our marriage every since and seem to be in a better place today.Except that Today is Christmas and she's in Utah visiting her family and I"m alone in Los Angeles hiding in our bedroom because I'm feeling emotionally crippled and unable to solve even the smallest of problems.I'm just so sick of this situation.  I wrote a blog post this morning explaining how I was taking responsibility for the issues in our marriage, that I was working on the problems I have personally in order to be a better husband, partner, father, lover and human being.  That I understood the reasons why we were apart on Christmas and that it was necessary, and that I was OK with it.  This is a part of my cleansing, getting things off my chest in an open and honest way, by writing about them.  I wasn't derogatory towards my wife in any way.  I didn't blame her for anything, and I took responsibility for my actions.  My wife read the blog and completely took it the wrong way, overreacting to the point where I ended up taking it down.  She feels like I shouldn't have been airing our dirty laundry in public, that she doesn't want everyone to know about our marital issues, and that I was wrong for posting.  That it made her look to be a bad person, that she was hurt very much by the whole thing and that I should have talked to her about it before I posted.The thing is that I've BEEN trying to talk to her about things for days now, and she hasn't been around or engaged enough to talk about things.  And that last night - CHRISTMAS EVE - when we last talked I asked her to have our Daughter call me before she went to bed, which she completely blew off and claims she forgot about.  THen she got upset at me for not calling since yesterday, when in fact I was the one who made the last several calls.This isn't the first time she's accused me of doing things that I haven't done, or claiming that my intentions were not what they really were.  She flat out told me that my blog as a cry for help and that I was saying "woe is me" - when the exact opposite was the truth.  That I was cleansing myself and saying that I understood the reasons why things were happening the way they were, that I accepted that the situation might be karmic retribution for past transgressions (or not) and that I was fine with being alone on Christmas.And I was fine.  Until she completely ignored me all morning.  And that when she finally did call she said nothing about my blog post other than she had read it.  We had a coversation that was so awkward you'd think we were on our first date.See the thing is my wife is the one who wanted a separation, my wife is the one who was unhappy with our marriage, my wife is the one who started to stray, and I'm the one who's doing all the work to make things better.  I'm the one who initiated marriage counseling.  I got myself into personal therapy almost immediately.  I'm actively trying to make myself a better person.And she's just not.And it's bothering me to no end.And it's making me angry.  I tell her later that she's been actively disengaged with the family over the last several weeks, partially due to her work assignment, which I acknowledge as not being the problem.  The problem is that when the work assignment ended, the active disengagement began.  She of course, got angry at the implication, but that's my perception.That she only came back to the family when the possibility of her other "relationship" fizzled out and she was rejected by the other man that she was interested in.  Because it's funny that the timing was right when something else happened that well, I don't need to get to that, but it was too coincidental, and when I called her on that she backpedaled and claimed it wasn't true.  However, deep down, I feel like something happened to change her mind.Because she hadn't been acting much differently before that.She keeps telling me that she's trying to make things better, but I don't see it at all.  All I see if her complaining about her life, and saying woe is me.  Not reaching out for help, but crawling inside of a bottle and insulating herself against bad feelings.  Feelings of guild and sadness because she's caused so much pain in our marriage recently, pain that she felt is warranted because of the pain that I caused in our marriage early on. Now I never cheated on her, I never abused her (though she feels I'm verbally abusive because I "push" her in conversations and arguments to get to the outcome that I want).  My first reaction to her telling me that she wanted a separation was to ask why and what could we do to make things better, but she had it in her mind that she needed to get away.And when she's away she's miserable.  We did separate for a week or so and she says it was a mistake and worst week of her life.  But that she got nothing out of it.  It was the worst week of my life too.  Happened to be Thanksgiving week.  I didn't get a Thanksgiving this year, and turns out I don't get a Christmas either.  That's fine.I guess it's my karmic retribution for everything I've done in the past to hurt her.Whoopee
Family gathering for Christmas. Hooray for us. Thanksgiving was awesome having revealed to my family my soon-to-be ex-wife is a liar and a cheater. She tried to blame some petty stuff of me, it's in my post history. It's whatever. I'm over that and over her.My family, however, does not grasp the concept of giving someone a little time before striking a very sensitive spot. Picture time! Cousins get together! We smile! Picture is taken and then comes the call "now with significant others!" So I back out. I became the bad guy because I don't want this to be the family photo my kids look at and want me to explain why mommy never came to see daddy's family. More than likely, I'll tell them the truth. I digress. I was rapidly approaching the point of berating them all with a colorful stream of obscenities and instead push it back down. I avoid that photo and get pulled into another. Great. So I leave shortly afterward and take the kids straight back to my mom's. Because that's where I'm stuck, now. I gutted the house we lived in and got out from under it, seeing as it was pretty much an emotional pit.Upon getting to my mom's, I inform her I am going to exclude myself from family functions until further notice. She gets all huffy while I'm trying to explain why I feel the way I do. Sometimes, rational people get pushed a little too far and don't want to face the prospect of having to tell the truth about people in the future. That's it. I love my kids and they should have the relationship with their mother. Unless they are in danger or being abused/neglected. Then, that goes right out the window.I'm ready to get on with my life well away from here and take the kids for the summertime span. I just want to coast until that time. The only exigent factor is that I notified the wife of the one that cheated with my wife. They both state she is crazy. Sure, I hope she takes him for all he is worth in court. I don't want to be blamed for something she or her family does, in the event she is crazy.
It felt good.
I'm always so angry at myself.  I am always so fuckin meek I can't stand up for myself my opinions or values.  It makes me feel like an incredibly bad person to disagree or make other people feel uncomfortable.  I fuckin hate this and all I want to do is scream.  But I only direct this anger inwards because fuck that!  what if i fuckin hurt somebody or make them feel bad then i will be an awful person.  This makes me insane and Crazy but then it gets directed inward because ?I dont want to take my shit out on other people.  I hate who I am and the fact that I have so much trouble changing this one thing that would help me to become a better man.  Its not fair and it's so fucking annoying.  Am i complaining? god damn right I'm complaining.  FUUUUUUCKKKKKKKKKKK!!!!
I can take this anymore. And people always make fun of me for it 
Basically, even though I've indulged myself in ranting and raving for over the past 10 years to whomever would listen, my anger has not dissipated in the least. Frankly, I wish I could get a labotomy so I could save myself and others the headache of being near me. The only thing stopping me are my children who are  dependant on me since their fathers are winners.  Yep, I know how to choose them and no, I am not discounting myself from the equation.   I want to say my anger stems from my childhood. Who's doesn't.  It is a deeply seeded one that has been covered and nourished with depression, anxiety and some drugs and alcohol. I'm almost 40.  My parents really tried their best, but it wasn't very good for my psyche.  There was hair-pulling, beltings and lots of isolation.  I feared them.  My brother went through the same, but either it didn't affect him the same way or he smothered it. He has a great wife, a great job and they own a house. I, on the other hand am a single mom, living at my mom's on food stamps.  My whole life is fucked up.  In fourth grade, I made straight As and our whole family stayed at my grandmother's.  I loved living with her, because she was uplifting and also less likely that my parents would get angry at us and belt us.  I was always living in fear that I would do the wrong thing.  Even when I was 4.  If my long hair had tangles in the morning, my mom would go crazy and angry that I didn't comb it perfectly and yank it through. We didn't even use conditioner!  Basically, I was a timid child and somehow my neighbor picked up on it and molested me when I was 9 or 10. He was only a few years older, but it still sucks. I looked him up on Facebook a year ago and saw he has children.  I wonder if he's a pedophile.  I didn't tell my parents until 15 years later, so it was only a coincidence that we moved out of my grandmother's that summer.  Well, that next year in school, I began making Cs so my parents came up with a new way to ground me.  I had to lay in bed until the next report card, which was every 6 weeks. I could get out for school, meals, homework and bathroom. Basically, I was a prisoner.  If I got anything less than a B, I was stuck for yet another 6 weeks. It really sucks when it happened over the summer.  When we moved to the city when I was a teen, the report card was every 9 weeks.  It was hell.  I think it drained my will power.  I ended up rebeling and skipping school. I almost dropped out until my parents suggested I finish my last semester at my grandmother's house, which is how I was able to graduate with 3.1 gpa.  After that, I got into the rave scene and I believe using ecstacy helped me overcome a bunch of PTSD, yet it wasn't used in the best setting.  I continued to set myself up for failure by meeting abusive men and using drugs.  I had great work ethic, at least, yet I dropped out of college. One of my biggest regrets, as I had a scholarship.  Here and there, I've had some luck, but then I got pregnant by a sociopath and had to flee across the country. Then, after a long time, I got engaged and thought I finally found the right person, only for him to flee when our son was 3 months old. We lost the home and now my 2 children and I are holed up at my mom's..with no job!  I was laid off in 2011 and am having no luck finding another job.  I feel stuck and of course, I'm trying not to let my mom's snide remarks of how I raise my children affect me, but ohhh they are.  They've been coming on strong lately and I am having a hard time holding back. I only know of extremes when raising my children.  Either laid-back, though not to where they are complete assholes, or her way.  I feel a ton of rage, like she expects me to raise them her way.  She doesn't even remember half of it.  Or she thinks I'm acting like a brat.  There's more to share, but I appreciate you reading my rant.  It helps somewhat.
I don't know what to do. I don't know what can help. One thing is I'm not expressing my anger most of the time so I don't hurt people, but I end up being even more angry to myself. It makes me hate myself and just makes me want to punch people in the face but I cannot!!!!! I don't know how to manage it, I dont know how to express it, I am currently in therapy but it only can do so much. God fucking damn it what do I do?!??!?!!
So this is something that just happened this morning (early morning of Sunday December 20th 2015). I had a fairly decent night out and was talking to this girl who was flirting with me outside of the bar after last call. She keeps talking to me and ultimately tries to pull me into this car she and others are getting into, in order to go to this restaurant over on Spadina. She keeps on saying "come, come" so I figure out where the restaurant is and walk up over there.When I get in, though, it becomes apparent that this girl actually has a boyfriend, and that he seems to have no problem with trying to start shit as opposed to saying something like "I don't know what she told you, but she's in a relationship". He and I start getting more aggressive with one another verbally to the point where a couple stupid hipster types that were with this girl's group step in to try and de-escalate the situation. I ended up walking back home from Spadina because I didn't want to waste time figuring out what cabs took debit and what didn't. It's an interesting story, I suppose, but it's actually more of a piss-off then you'd think it would be. It's interesting because I wasn't really that angry at first with the girl in the first place; even though I don't know what the hell she was trying to accomplish in coming on to me and trying to get me to come with her when she wasn't remotely drunk enough to "forget" that she's in a relationship with someone else. She did pull the "I was drunk" excuse, though, and it's like what? You were too drunk to stay loyal to the person you were seeing? You were too drunk to remember that you were seeing someone, even? Because you seemed to be lucid and functioning just fine when you were talking to me and rubbing yourself over me. 
When I get into competition, be it gaming or similar, I am always, always hurting myself. I have way too high of expectations for myself and I think I'll do amazing, and when I do bad I get really, really mad and lash out. It's exhausting, not helping me get any better, and I'm sick of it. It's a wall I'm having trouble getting around and I have no idea how to make it any better.I try not to think about winning but I end up doing that anyways. I just end up crappy unless I'm doing amazing and I know I'm not doing that all the time. I just want to be good and feel validated, but I can't act like this because I can't be perfect.What do I do? How do I stop myself from acting like this? It upsets those around me and it upsets me, too. I'm tired of being like this.
Hi all. I didn't know where to post this so I'll be posting it to a couple different subreddits.I'm 17 y/o with a diagnosis of depression and a personality disorder. My anger/outbursts have started getting worse, and my doctor wants to put me on a low starting dose of Risperdal to go with my daily dose of Pristiq 50mg. Has anyone here been on Risperdal (with or without other meds) for their anger/irritability/outbursts/temper? How did it go for you? Were there any side effects?Thanks guys
I fucking hate you. I fucking hate everything about you. You're a fat, lonely cunt that uses people and throws them away as soon as you're done with them. I regret taking you in as a charity case. I should've never fucking tried to help a worthless asshole like you. I invested my time and friendship in you, just to be thrown away once you had what you wanted.To be frank, I wouldn't even fucking care if you died at this point. I hope you get shipped back to your hometown after you get bullied and ostracized like what you put me through. I hope you don't make it, and you crash into a fucking tree right before you get home. I should've never listened to your stupid fucking pity party about being treated 'badly' in high school. I should've just let you rot in your fucking chair until you died from loneliness. God, I wish I would've.
For anonymity, I'll refer to her as S. S, quite frankly, was a bastard. She degraded me constantly. She frequently insulted me. She used me as a sex object. All of our "dates" consisted to me going to her house and watching her use Tumblr for three hours (I wanted to take her to movies, the park, etc., but she wouldn't get off of her lazy ass). On our first date, she made me measure my dick for her. S gave me a ruler and sent me to the bathroom. Moreover, when I invited her to a party I was hosted, I saw her texting her friend about my best friend's muscles being more attractive than mine. These are just a few examples of the shit she pulled on me. And, of course, after we broke up, she blamed it all on me. I was unable to see her for awhile and she lived quite far away, so in breaking up with her, I sent a voicemail. *She shared it with some of my friends and made them hate me, telling them I had malintent and meant to "insult her for four minutes." She even laughed at it and called it pathetic.*I suffer from various mental disorders (anxiety, OCD, depression, etc.), so I took the breakup badly already. Eventually, though, I discovered that two of my "friends" had been talking about me behind my back with my ex, and lying about it to my face. Discovering this made me exceptionally upset to the point where I broke down in the middle of a class, **in front of around thirty people.** One of my former friends apologized. The other didn't. I no longer associate with either of them. I want to explode whenever I think of any of these three people. Losing friends is terrible, and dating a wacko stinks as well. 
My dad came home drunk tonight. He brought a friend with him. This angered me so much that I immediately texted my mom that I am evicting him from the house. We're renting a house in the city and by We I mean my sisters and I. My dad does not pay rent nor does he pay electricity. He helped us move in and has never moved out. We never invited him to stay. I feel like my private space has been violated, the more so when he came home drunk with his drunk friend. THIS ISN'T HIS FUCKING HOUSE. I am so angry that I promised myself I'd evict him tomorrow. Do I feel guilty about these thoughts?! Right now, I am too mad to think about it. I just really hate him.
I play lots of video games with my friends and we get fairly competitive but sometimes we play on the same team or something and when they mess up or dont listen to me i just get mean and nasty. Earlier today I was terlling my friend to do something and he didnt and i got pissed and started screaming and yelling at him calling him terrible names. Im scared and sasd and sorry becuase over and over they keepo playing with me only for me to be terrible. I dont know what to do. I have am crippled by intens anger issues and i just put a dent in my door after throwing things at it just for this. I cant look at them because of how ridicuoulsly mean i was to the people who call me their friend. What can i do. I dont want to apologize becuase i do that anyway.
I am a 17-year-old biological male, but female in gender (MtF trans), I have not gone through any hormones so I'm all testosterone.I am, and I can say this confidently, a nice person. I try my best to be kind to everyone and be as polite as possible to people who annoy me or irritate me. I've never yelled at anyone for being irritated or anything like that.But I have this almost insane part of me that is extremely violent. When I'm by myself I get angry really easily. Like if I'm having trouble with homework, a video game, anything really, I get so mad I start hitting myself in the side of the head as hard as I can for a good minute.And then people who are just mean to me just to be fucking assholes really get me going. And then I get *really* violent thoughts. I think about punching them, ground and pounding their face, slamming their head on the concrete. Sometimes it gets really bad, like I want to stab them, slit their throat, or press my thumbs into their eyes. It scares the shit outta me.I'm afraid that one day I might do something stupid when I get angry at someone. But on one would expect it because I really try my best to nice to everyone. I really love people in general. But I have this crazy violence in me that scares me.
My wife grew up in an abusive broken home, verbally abusive, neglectful, physically abusive. I've never called her a name, I've never raised my hand to her but 4 years ago, after we got married things started going down hill in my life. She retreated into her old coping mechanisms and in response I shut down. She started school shortly after our wedding. I quit my dead end soul crushing job without already having a job in place. Feeling useless and pathetic, I first tried escaping into Reddit and Minecraft. Not joining her in bed at night, even when I told her I'd be there in a few minutes. Not realizing she was in bed feeling lonely and crying. She absorbed herself into her studies and began shutting down her feelings for me because I was shutting down mine on her.   Things got better after graduation. I got a job in my field, but Massage Therapy takes time to generate a profit. Longer where I'm a guy. But she got pregnant. Something we had been trying for. By her own admission I was a great partner to her during her pregnancy and was there for her during the birth every step of the way.   That's where is started to get bad again. Really bad. Our son was born with a massive head. Something like 95th percentile on a 50th percentile body. Nothing wrong with him. Just a massive head that ripped her apart during forceps delivery. It didn't help that our son was always clinging to her, nursing in short bursts every half hour. Always on her, sleeping next to her. She had postpartum and separation anxiety really badly. Through all this I started to falter in my promises to be an excellent father and husband. I would get upset at her for always nursing him. I would get upset that she never put him down, I would get upset that he was always crying if I tried to take him away from her to hold him. I would get angry and frustrated that I couldn't get any sleep from all the crying.   I began to scare my wife. My anger at things she couldn't help, things that in my anger I couldn't see. Couldn't understand. I would get angry over the smallest things. Couldn't find the oven mitts, something was burning on the stove, couldn't get the kid to fall asleep at the time I wanted. For 8 months we couldn't have sex. She was in so much pain and I tried to avoid any physical contact with her because I didn't want to be spurned for wanting sex which I knew would hurt her. The first year of our son's life, I was making so little money at work (What? A Man massage therapist? I want a woman!) I had to resort to dumpster diving. It's so demoralizing to be crying in a dumpster because I can't find a goddamn head of lettuce to take home to make a salad for lunch. I just kept being angry. At my self and my uselessness. At the world for giving everyone around me everything easily while I couldn't even find food for my family.   Eventually we were able to start having sex again. I learned to really enjoy warming her up. She enjoyed that part too. Eventually it stopped hurting to try having sex. I started taking our son for Thursdays so she could hang out with her friends and have a girls night every week. Things started improving within my family. But I still had outbursts of anger.   In 2014, my wife would push the stroller with our son to meet me after work every nice day. We could talk and walk, she would sleep in bed with me, bringing the baby too but that was okay. we could talk. In 2015, I got him a bed of his own but she moved to sleep with him because he wasn't ready to night ween. No more night talks. He learned to walk but couldn't be controlled or expected to walk the half hour to work. So the walk and talks ended. Communication faltered and I started feeling alone and neglected. I began getting angry and lashing out at every little detail. She went out with friends for supper instead of waiting for me? Unacceptable. She wanted an extra night out with the girls? No that's supposed to be US time!   I turned into an Ogre. She started seeing me as an abuser and I can't deny it. I would lecture her, make her feel bad even though I never outright insulted her. I still made her feel stupid and unloved. I would lose my temper if our son was misbehaving.   Right before Halloween she dropped the bomb on me. Slowly. She had started noticing how much safer she felt with her friends and their boyfriends/husbands. How she was developing romantic feelings for a female best friend who was being such a better emotional support than I had been for a long time. She had fallen out of love with me and feared coming home to me, or me coming home from work. for years she had asked me to seek counseling for myself and for the both of us and in my stupid pride I denied her that request.  she even moved out for a week to stay with friends. I'm so scared. I haven't been angry in 2 months. All I feel is fear, sadness, selfloathing and just plain defeated. I've gotten in touch with a psychologist. I have been staying calm in all situations. I have been doing anything she asked of me but she has 4 years of resentment on the 2 months I've been a better person. Tonight there was a blizzard and she is trapped at a friends house with the baby and she's was desperately trying to apologize for not being able to make it home because she's afraid I'm mad at her for not being here. I feel like a monster, and I know that's what she sees me at. She's given me 9 months to convince her I can stay a better person but my heart aches for her every day. I miss her hugs, her kiss, her trust, her love. I want to be the man she married. I want to give my son a stable home.   I just want the story to be told. I fell into an angry pit and it's ruined the most precious thing in my life. The only thing that made me feel special. Now I am hanging on by a thread and I wouldn't wish this feeling of slow death of the heart on anybody. 
Hey, my name is Daniel and I am twenty. Currently living in an apartment with an individual who is entitled, from a rich family, and has his life lined up for him (his father owns his own business, and he inherits it once his father retires and he earns his degree). Constantly he will belittle me, 'command' me (basically bark orders at me and throw a fit if I say no), and be passive aggressive as fuck. He's an spoiled, entitled rich kid who hasn't worked for anything in his life. He's had everything handed to him, and loves to put me down. Whenever I do something or say something he thinks is stupid (which, to him, is going to class, working, and - in general - being an adult), he just puts me down with a super passive aggressive tone. I can't stand living with him and if this builds up for much longer I'm afraid I'll just start throwing punches at this kid. Does anyone have any tips for dealing with this anger that seems to be bottomless for this guy? It's almost to the point of me hating him. Any coping skills or anything really that could help me? Please and thank you in advance.
Hello. This might not be the best written post but please read through it those who think that can help. I am gonna tell you some information that might or might not be useful. When I was younger (12) I had a really bad time controlling my temper, it was realy realy bad. My parents had to take me to a psychiatrist because of it. Eventualy I learned how to not get angry so much, maybe I just ignored anyone who said something bad about me or was rude to me. I don't know how I learned to "control" it but it was fine. Now I am 17 and i have a girlfriend. She is basicaly why I need you to help me. I can take pretty much anything that would usualy make me angry, but with her its not like that. I really love her more than anything and I really think I can't live without her. So basicaly the problem is she makes me so angry at time she is ruining our relationship. She keeps mentioning girls from my past that don't exist if you ask me. I tried to tell her i only care about her but she just doesn't get it. After doing that, she usually starts yelling at me for the most stupid reason ever (like not closing the door completely) and if i do that she finds something else to shout at me. I don't know what but it really gets me. She doesn't even do that much she just does it every single day. I was bound to break sometime with that kind of presure. And when i do i shout at her, I don't really shout its somewhere inbetween , my body is trying to shout but im kinda not letting it so it looks like im shouting with my mouth closed. And when that happens she cries. I hugged her and told her im sorry and it will be alright many times. But i cant do it always i mean im very angry when that happens. Also when i get angry sometimes i jsut straight out walk away trying to avoid shouting at her. But none of theese options are good she always cries and blames me for everything when she drove me to the point of rage. I am asking if anyone has any idea how to stop my behaviour because its killing the relationship. Also I'll be happy to hear any other suggestions on maybe trying to help her not to bring me to the poing when i cant hold it anymore. I said i want to talk with her about it. But she only wants to talk when im enraged and i cant really talk about anything when im like that. Please help me and i'll be forever in your debt..
In this last year my husband's anger has escalated. When his feelings get hurt in the way I express myself he will escalate. There have been a few incidents about nine months ago where I feel he was incredibly emotionally abusive to me via text or in person. Calling me a "lying cheating slut," telling me that I am "fat" or a "bitch." Continuing to say or text similarly abusive things while I am asking him to stop. Since these incidents I have been asking him to go to therapy. A few months ago he finally agreed to go to couple's therapy with me. The second session he stormed out of in anger. I have found us a second therapist and we have been attending for two month with more success. Tonight we were having a discussion. He got frustrated with what I was saying and said "I kind of want to slap you right now." And then told me to get out of the room.While I can own my own piece in each of the incidents, I am not threatening violence, insulting, or calling names. Each incident on its own I am able to excuse. As a totality of how he has been treating me and now escalating to an indirect threat of violence, I see a really bad pattern that I need to end. We have small children and I do not want them to grow up in a home with this. How do I help my husband move forward? Over this last year he has been really working on our marriage and communication. He has read a number of self-help relationship books and learned somethings from them. He will not likely go to individual therapy or a class, but would do something online or read a book. 1. Any suggestions I can pass on to him. 2. Am I stupid for thinking he will ever get his anger under control, or that I can help him do that. 3. Is this bad enough that I should give him an ultimatum (go to anger management class or I will leave?).
It's weird, but whether in real life or over messaging in video games, once someone hints that they're angry at me, I start to lose control. I feel my heart begin to race and my head gets really hot. Though I give off the impression of being tame, the times I've exploded have, in my memory, made me appear really scary. This wasn't a problem until I got to college.The first time I exploded was when I was with my [also current] roommate studying abroad in England. It was 3 am, and my credit card was not working, despite me opening it to the region. My roommate, who's angry essentially all the time, suddenly yells "SOFTERSOAP, IT'S THREE IN THE GODDAMN MORNING COU-" and before he could finish, I yelled louder than I've ever did before, "I CAN'T, I CAN'T." Then threw my wallet at the wall. Halfway through that he had already taken a step back, apologizing. It was weird, like it took 3 seconds to get me from a little stressed to exploding.The second time was when I thought one of my two friends (my friends are roommate and someone else) was angry with me. Turns out she really wasn't, but was quiet and reserved up until I had to go to work. After I came back, she was so focused on work that none of us really said anything until my roommate and I left to our dorm. I started to rant about how I wish she wasn't angry at me, and though my roommate wasn't buying it. I continued until I "realized" that I may be loosing the only friend I've made at this school in 2 years that's not my roommate (Note: I don't hang too often with them either, only when we're doing work). That's when I exploded again. We were outside, so when I yelled, which was extremely loud, the entire quadrant echoed. I just kept saying "god DAMIIIIIIIIIIIT" until my roommate calmed me down. I then went to the lake to yell until I got tired.I'm, by no means, an angry person. Something bad happening that's out of my control never angers me, just makes me sad. It's just that there's something about someone else being angry, whether to me or someone else, that makes me hot headed. I assume it was to do with my anxiety (which is not that bad, only activates when I'm in a large space with no escape) and how insecure I am about my intelligence.Do any of you experience this or know what's going on? I should mention that I don't exercise, hated my major (which I thankfully changed now), and am not really good at any of my hobbies.
She could be nice, helpful and goofy, but most of the time she was incredibly impatient, hypocritical, anti-authority, borderline narcissistic and misanthropic and obviously short tempered. She was very nosy and in your face and liked to play psychologist to everyone's problems, like she absolutely **had** to know all the gossip and news that went on around her. Whenever she came back from roaming the halls or rooms talking to people she would usually be mad and took her anger out on the first person who pissed her off and then usually put her head down and desired be left alone to sulk. Though she was right (mostly) in her assumptions about people and her advice for them, her spying usually led to her outbursts when people became stubborn to her advice or simply got tired of her antics. No one has the balls to address her outbursts or her other problems either and if they do she's flat out declares she doesn't care or for them to mind their business. It doesn't even have to be about her problems either, telling her that dropped something, for example, while pissed will set her off.She was in my class during high school and she was a pain to be around. She yelled at almost everyone: Teachers, students, me (by accident) and was opposed to being treated unfairly if she thought she was. I was *relieved* when we graduated. She seems better as she befriended me on Facebook, but I still have my doubts. She doesn't seem like a psychopath/sociopath because she has goals she wants to reach, she isn't that much of a manipulator and does seem to want to help people (she sometimes breaks up fights or tries to prevent them), so I don't know.
I don't know where to start. A guess a little about me . I was born in a central american country , I came to the U.S with my parents when I was 2 . I grew up from my earliest memories in various family homes before we moved into a shelter home , from their we moved to a " projects " neighborhood where we lived in a mobile home community for about a year before being granted section 8 housing , I lived in section 8 house until about 18 when i became a U.S citizen..My parents split up when I was 7 , my mother was a single parent to my sister and I since then , I hardly saw her growing up honestly she was always working hard to provide while going to school to become an R.n .. she accomplished all that and more she is soon to finish her masters degree.. amazing women ..Going through different schools was interesting growing up , I started off When they still aloud teaching of spanish in the city i grew up in Than that change and I was required to be taught english only per school district policy.. which threw me off because Up until that point all i knew was spanish . ( think 4-or 5 years old )My earliest memory Of public school Was a teacher who Thought I had A.D.D simply because i could not speak english like the rest of the class .. or understand what she was saying. I remember being lead to the classroom with my mom at the door I waved goodbye and sat down thats when LIFE started for me I guess ..I remember sitting down hearing her speaking and not knowing what the hell she was saying , And I was asking all the kids around me in spanish.. " hablas espaol ? " " que dice ? " ( do you speak spanish , what is she saying " over and over and over I kept asking every kid around me until she got fed up and furiously B LINED it to me and she says " GO SIT IN THE MIDDLE " with her angry finger pointed to a section of the room isolated from the rest of the class. and I looked at her puzzled and I asked a kid next to me what did she say .. and luckily he response back in spanish she wants you to sit in the back .. and she looks at me again and says "cientate en el medio " .. To which I happily agreed because I thought HEYYY SHE SPOKE SPANISHAll I can remember about that women is how impatient and angry she was2nd grade Was one of my favorite years, my parents were still together , and around halloween time my parents didnt have money to buy me a custom so my 2nd grade teacher took it upon herself to make me a makeshift Dracula custom out of some black construction paper and some red crayons for fake blood , so that i could participate and not feel left out in the school parade, and she did just that . I felt so happy that this women went out of her way to make my day .Somewhere around 3rd grade my parents split up and My sister was born and my mother was forced to go live back with my grandmother . ( not a happy time )I remember the first day living with my grandmother her bad mouthing my dad , telling me he isnt worth anything , he was here he was there he was this , he was that .. I didnt understand what was going on between my parents , I just knew my mom took me away from dad , And I still wanted to see my father , and my father was trying to see me .. and here is my grandmother telling me get over your father .. she literally grabbed me by my arms one day and shoved me into the couch and start yelling about me to shut up ! , to stop crying ! ,GET OVER IT ! ... and i remember my aunt came into the room and told her " live the poor kid alone he just misses his dad he doesnt know " ( all in spanish not that it matters)Too this day , I have absolutely no love for her, I don't call her , I don't write to her, I don't even know when her birthday is and I don't care .. My mother told me how she used to treat her growing up she was a cruel mean , and angry women .. she would literally tell my mother your younger sister is prettier than you , or something along those lines . .I had school close to my grandmothers house so I would usually walk to school from the time I can remember..We moved out shortly after my mom found out she was bathing my little sister with cold water . .My mothers first apartment was in a bad neighborhood.. that was all we could afford at the time .. I used to get dropped off at a burger king around 6 in the morning everyday during middle school and I would walk home about a mile to my house .. Of course I was fat from all the burger king .. I used to be picked on at school during gym I was always selfconcious about myself because of that from thereon after and even until today ..One time I remember being bullied and It got to me and I snapped .. I didn't know how to fight but damn it did I try .. I was swinging and swing throwing fists and kicking .. but did I land any punches .. Was this a Victorious moment were the teased kid fights back and puts the bully in his place? . No. No It was not I was this short little fat kid. and the bully was this gigantic white basketball player.. all he did was laugh and mock me and held me with one arm by my head while i was trying to swing and kick and I could not reach him .. I finally got frustrated and just pushed him hard ( which did nothing ) and ran away...I mainly hung out with the punks, rockers, metal heads.. because These wierdos understood me , those kids were my friends .. and they were the only ones I felt I could be myself around and they liked all the music I liked and we shared the same Anti-radio sentiment ...High school: . . 9th grade I smoke weed for the first time at 15 .. I hung out with the bad crowd at school I was always out of the house because my mom was never home .. I used to skateboard ( which I sucked at ) and smoke weed with friends to pass the time .. I would look forward to the rush of numbness and relaxation that id get from every hit.. problems would go away if only for a few moments . . it was my escape .. It was my coping mechanism .. We moved again and into a better neighborhood after my mother got into her first serious relationship , after having split up with my father .. we lived with this man in a house my mother and he bought for a few years .. These years I felt were some of my worst ..He was a heavy drinker , I would go hangout with him and his friends where he would be drinking , and smoking cigarettes and playing poker.. when he was too fucked up to drive . He would tell me " heyy want to learn how to drive STICK SHIFT " .. to which under aged , unpermitted me would respond SURE ! lets have a go at it .. LOL .. my first driving lessons where as a designating driver, taking instructions from a drunk person.. I would drive him home and he would pass the fuck out . sometimes he made it to the bed , sometimes he didnt.. Here is the twisted thing i forced myself to have feelings for him , meaning I wanted to accept him as a father figure/ role model .. Sometimes he would come home late at night and start hitting the door repeatedly  at my mother to open the door . many many times he did this , and I dont understand why my mother put up with it .. It wasnt until he said something to my sister along the lines of you and your mother are brats , I waited for him to come home that day and I confronted him, And I told him Did you say this and this .. because you dont have to be here , we were fine before you came into the picture .He want off on a rant about this and that , and you don't know shit ! shut the fuck up . When your a man , " i will tell you , you are a man " I got pissed off went up to his face and told him I dont need your approval , I dont need you to tell me when I am a man or not . I dont need that" . Guess what he did? . packed up his shit and left .. of course my mother went running after him few weeks later . only to find out he was already seeing another women when she showed up to his old apartment , it was then that my mom realized how much of a dirt bag this guy was ..You know what I learned from this guy .. how to drive drunk, how to hang out with friends all the time , what a positive role model.. He would often hand me or try to offer me his glasses of scotch and whiskey behind my mothers back.. I even found him with a big ziplock bag half full of weed. to which he looked at me and said sssshhhhh dont tell your mom.. and like an idiot I didnt ..So I guess thats when I saw smoke weed and drink behind your wifes back .. so i followed .. I would go out during high school find people to buy me alchohol and I would drink heavily I used to drink 3 or 4 211's before coming home on my bike and passing out .. my mom too tired from work to ever notice.. She only noticed When I started smoking Weed in the house with my window open and I Thought the smell would stay out ( i know stupid kid ) that she went off on me what are you doing .. this and that .. she was devastated .. and asked me to stop to which i promised I would but lied ..And then love hits . I fall in love with this ditsy girl whom I think loves me back only to be heartbroken when I come to find out she has a boyfriend that she lied about .. would tell me all these things about him and that she hates him and this and that .. It was an akward time.. during high school , I was the pretend boyfriend at school, but after high school he would show up and take her home .. I went out with some other girls after that..12th grade: non stop drinking. I hung out with " the cholos" drugs, alchohol, weed, sex, racial fights over " bullshit " I knew it all... I would drink half a monster energy drink mixed with hennesy , or jack daniels, or vodka , red bulls anything and everything i could get my hands on, I would be drunk almost every morning from 1st period all the way until lunch time where i would smoke weed and mellow out for 5th and 6th period before going home to more weed smoking .. all the while still keeping up my grades HOW i dont fucking know.. I would just force myself to really pay attention to the lectures so that I would'nt have to read the books , And that got me by ..Passed the high school exit exam on my first try.. I say on my first try because there were people who had taken it 2 or 4 times already ..I was following in my mothers footsteps , I studied to be a nurse , I became a certified nurse assitant after high school , and that was my first paying job as a CNA for 2 years .. TALK ABOUT A STRESSFULL FIRST JOB .. Jesus , I mean I saw it all , nasty wounds, nasty infections, amputations, ganggreen .. MRSA infected stool ( horrid smell ) , the slow deaths of the lonely , slow degradation of people physically , mentally , emotionally , It took its tool on me , I took all my nursing prerequisites while working there for 2 years somewhere around the time that I quit I had to specific moments that made me question what I was doing . And If this is really what I wanted to do in life..I would always ask my dying patients what did you accomplish did you get to do everything that you wanted , did you do things the way you wanted , where you happy with your life .. I would ask them for advice , I would ask what is the secret to life , whats the secret to happiness, to which many would say love , laugh, live, eat, travel, have kids, have a house, super nice car , got a boat ... but the main things were family. love. laughter . life is beautiful..I quit the nursing field soon after a patient was admited , and he started coding on me and when I tried to notify the charge nurse for further instrtuctions because i didnt know if the patient was DNR( do not resuscitate) or not .. and he was on the phone and gave me the hold on finger im on the phone.. I ran to the supervisor nurse told her what was going on and she runs to the charge nurse and thats when he acted fianlly. after about a 5 min delay.. this patient could have possibly been saved within that time frame had this charge nurse acted when I told him.. He than has the balls to tell him " hey mannn these things happen" ( fuck you dude ) these things SHOULD NOT ! HAPPEN because there are people in the nursing field who only do it for the money .. supervisor than comes over telling me hey if the cops ask you questions you give them this story " xxxx fabricated story saying I told him and he acted right away " which was complety bullshit only because she was trying to save HIS ass ..Believe it or not these things happen in the healthcare field behind closed doors, I know because I have lived it .. and it will never come to light .. for if it does the whole facility gets shut down.. So I was stuck in this . Do i continue in this field knowing what goes on. Do i speak up about it and get this whole thing shut down.. but than what about the hard working janitor, the hard working cna that have been there for 30plus years , what about everyone else the cooks the laundry lady.. 50 or 60 hard working employees would have been out of jobs.. I could not bring myself to speak up about it because I have lived all those peoples lifes in poverty, many of them were on undocumented hard working people, THIS IS THE ONLY JOB THEY COULD KEEP.. I couldnt do that to them so instead I left. I left bitter and angry and depressed ,and I completly changed my career I wanted to do a Skilled trade job ( automotive tech ) I love cars they are my passion, Ive been tinkering with mechanics since I was about 3 or 4 taking apart my little toy cars because I thought They had the same amount of pieces as a real car ..I have been doing all the auto classes at school , I worked at a shop for a year working on old .. where I was taken advantage of. my work load was ridiculous and if i would say anything the managers response was something like " dah hurr dah hurr time management , time management " I was the parts guy, I was the shipping guy, I was the janitor, I was the auto detailer , I was parts rebuilder, all for a measely 12 dollars an hr..I was finally let go after I got into an argument with the manager about my work load .. I said something along the lines of " you cant expect me to finish work that takes hrs in a few minutes , and then give me more work on top of more work on top of more work.. and then get mad at me when I dont finish everything Its JUST ME ! ONLY ONE GUY DOING THE WORK OF 4 PEOPLE ! " you guessed his response " dur hur dur hur time managment " he cut my hrs in half and told me when I started picking up the pace he would see about giving me more hrs.. what a fucking TURD . AND TELLS ME EVERY OTHER PLACE IS LIKE THIS in an effort to try and manipulate me into staying and working harder ..When He saw his scare tactics were not working He said " we regrettably have to 'cut you lose ' " . Just to piss him off i said cool , Can I use you as a reference. lmao he said " i would prefer that you didnt " .. I said kay BYE !!! fucking asshole.I work at a retail store currently , still dealing with assholes, but this time a special kind of asshole, the corporate lazy asshole, assholes who only do the bare minimum, throw there workload on the lesser positions, talk shit behind your back even when you outwork all these clowns , well i dont put up where there bullshit.. and they hate me because I work harder than them .... so now i am 6 years into my relationship with my high school sweet heart . something that I longed for since seeing my mom and dad split up .. Love A loving relationship .. and I have that I love the person that I am with stephanie .. she fills in that void in my heart as cheesy as that sounds... I went as far as getting her named tattooed on my chest She thought I was crazy !And I did it to show her that my love for her was real, that I could sit there for a few hrs and get stabbed repeatedly over and over in the chest .. tiny little painful punctures over and over .. I wanted her to see I'd put up with the physical pain for her, mental pain, emotional.. in the name of love..She was in shock. fast forward a few years , she will still smile at me when my shirt is off and touch my chest and tell me i cant believe you did that babe your crazy.. and i always tell her im crazy for you .. i did it because i love you .. and I cant afford an engagement ring yet .. and I carry you with me and on my body everywhere I go .. I have also been wearing a promise ring for a majority of our relationship that she bought me ..We talk about kids openly and even with my parents now.. but I am not financially stable yet .. and it kills me inside.. I have been depressed about my situation for a while I am in a rut.. i am in dept for stupid reasons , I almost died earlier this year going into a rockwall in my car .. I spent a few months without a car I was bussing it to work..In selfloath and selfishness I was not helping myself or stephanie when I moved in with her like I should have.. And I dont know why .. I blew off all my money check after check after check on food, buying things i didnt need, and weed, going out all the time driving my car spending tanks of gas on daily street racing , all this came to an end one night when I was slowly cruising up the mountains ( even thou my family thinks I was racing that day I wasnt ) I had said to myself earlier im going to cruise up for a little see my friends up there for 10 minutes and than come back homebut instead I went up the weather was super foggy .. It was the foggiest night I had ever been up there you could feel the water in the air. the roads where wet.. I was driving alone up a mountain pass when I understeered stratght into a rockwall and had the airbag explode in my face ..I call up my friends which were a few miles up the road they came down to make sure I was okay.. we got the car off the road . I called stephanie and told her what happend she was scared I told her I was okay I would bring the car home and see her the next day but she insisted on comming up to make sure i was okay . .It was about 2 or 3 in the morning and I could not get a hold of a tow truck .. So A few phone calls later and my freinds got a truck for me and a garden house and we pulled my car all the way home.. now picture this.. a caravan of cars comming home in the middle of the night to drop off your sons wrecked car..you know what my mom did in front of everyone she punches me in the face and tells me what the hell is wrong with you, what were you thinking .. I tried explaining that I wasnt racing It was an accident the road was wet and I understeered but she didnt believe me , and my friends didnt make the situation any better ..I had back pain for a long time after the accident , I abused the narcotics I was given , I was taking triple and quadruple dosages, and I was even getting tylenol number 3 and oxycotins from a drug dealer i knew and when i realized that weed was cheaper then pills .. I went back to smoking weed to supress my back pain.. once the back pain went away i kept smoking weed thou.. dealing with the auto shops bullshit took a toll on me emotionally andhaving worked at as a cna watching people die took a toll on memy car accident took a toll on me physically..all this going on in my life and i have been going to community college and taking classes since I was in high school ..I have to deal with school stress, job stress, life stress,I feel unaccomplished because I switched carreers and havent been able to take my ase's yet ..I am angry that I don't have a family yet, that I don't have an engagment ring for the love of my life yet , I don't know how to deal with my anger. I am mad at my situation , and thus I get angry at every little thing , When Things dont go my way I get very upset, When I cant fix something I get pissed off , And when Its something that I can not change I cant get over it .. and it takes a toll on stephanie she says When I am angry I speak to her a certain way my tone changes, I speak to her like she is a child she says . and i dont realize it when im doing it .. and I want to learn how to control that.. How do I stay calm when the shit hits the fan..At work I just put up a front , an act if you will, I am at work. I get paid to be nice I have to be nice..but at home , I can be my self . I can say what I want , do what I want .. so long as noone gets hurt .. but I dont realize I hurt stephanie When I get angry.. i dont get angry at her I get angry at my situation , I am angry with myself , I feel I am not where I should be in my life right now .. I feel I have wasted alot of time and money,and i am kicking myself in the ass.. I am very Hard on myself .. I feel I am my own worst enemy , and I am my own puzzle which i am struggling to put together and when im hungry , I turn into a nasty person until I eat ..sorry if my writing was all over the placetl;dr: Lifes been up and down, I have a loving relationship that I enjoy and would like to keep however my self hatred and angry is eating me up inside.. how do I become a better thinking positive person, when I am very easily angered over the smallest things?
When I was 14 I felt a general emptiness in my chest. I was that hole with sex and cigarettes so I can feel something but that always fades. So I stopped or try to and I did for a time the sex thing keeps falling on me like a load and I just can't help myself.  I tried blocking everything out I put up walls to push everything away and I cried on the inside. My walls though where filled with salty tears and leaks formed my sadness seeping out. Anger is all that fills the water, first I was angry at my brother when I found I had a anger problem. It was a stupid reason to be angry though. All he did was take a chair from my room to use then not put it back and now I have a hole in my home where I punched the sheet rock. Second, I yelled at a good friend of mine he was explaining something and I got frustrated to the point of outburst. Third, I saw the hole in the wall again my face convulsed to a deep frown eye's tearing up as I put my back to the wall. My dog came over to comfort me so I held it for a few seconds before I stood up dried my face. Then stepped over to my computer to write this in the hopes that I might find some help or maybe help others.  It all started with my mother for ages 0 to 7 she was a wonderful mother and took very good care of me. That is until she stopped taking her pills for her Bi Polar disorder. She started to become violent taking a sledge to most of my families possessions or when she was super happy gave away things that she shouldn't have gave away. I could deal with this for the most part but soon my father unable to handle her violence and disregard for are hard earned property wanted a divorce. The divorce didn't happen though, soon my mother got into drinking this didn't help her Bi Polar. At this point my mother grew completely delusional thinking that my father was out to get her, she cheated and refused to get help so finely he got a divorce. I was 15 around this time so I wasn't really sure what to think of her but soon around the age of 16 I saw her for what she was an abusive bitch. It hurt a lot to turn her away but I wasn't going to forgive the threats, her clawing words, and refusal to get help. Now I'm furious my hatred for my mother lead to a lot of things I'm not proud of. My father I don't have much to say about him as he is an OK guy. However he said something to me ill never forget,"If someone put a gun to your head and said to me. If you don't refuse your god I'll kill your family. I wouldn't refuse my god." You know I'm an Atheist so you know what that meant to me,"I'd let you die before I refuse something I can't see, hear, or touch." I can't explain how furious this makes me.  I'm now 18 someone important to me committed suicide, my friend's uncle, might as well been my uncle. The man gave me work and love. Now he's gone. Hung himself on the side of the road off in the boonies, it feels like all I am is anger now. I'm on such at short fuse, I don't want to live like this forever. 
The other day I drove up to a series of road works a little to quick, when I approached the man holding the stop sign, he walked over to me and told me off as if he were my boss, and this infuriated me. I didn't react badly at first, because my girlfriend was in the car and I couldn't think quick enough to say something smart, so I simply ignored him until he finished and allowed me to pass. Though straight after this happened, intense rage swarmed inside me. My thought pattern became "how fucking dare this scummy road worker talk down to me like this, I was on my home from a day of work in which I worked twice as hard as this incompetent failure" I wanted to simply smash his teeth in. When I got home I cooled down and realised the mistake I had made, and that I had truly blown the incident out of proportion. I was no better then the road works man, and he was simply doing his job. Yet, I still can't shake this, it's been two days now and I can't stop thinking about how rude and arrogant this person was to me for a simple mistake I made (not seeing the slow down sign) I understand I am in the wrong, but this nauseating feeling is eating me away. Thanks for listening 
She gets mad easily, but when she does she will soon forgive the person she was mad at and be mad at HERSELF for getting mad. We've talked about it and she said she wants to change and I want to help her. What are some of the things I can do to help her?What are some of the things she can do to not stay mad after every incident?
How do I tell someone with an anger problem that because they flipped out in front of me and my partner threatened to punch my head in I don't want them comeing with us on new years anymore without them losing it again.
I'm a 21 year old who is angry at literally everything that can happen. Some days it is things I see, sometimes it's stuff I do, some days it's the way someone looks at me, some days it's the way someone does something. Anything anyone does will push me to the point where I get angry. I hate my job, I hate my boss, I hate my co-workers, I hate what I drive, I hate the weather, I hate what I do, I hate myself, I just hate everything that is happening in my life. Good or bad, I just hate all aspects of it. But.. Will I do anything about it? No, I will keep it all inside of me until a certain moment comes that I enrage myself so extremely that I explode like an emotional Atom Bomb. I, at that point lock myself away from all people and figure out how I am going to piece me back together again. Restart my emotional time bomb and fix myself up just enough so I can once again walk around with a smile on my face and pretend that everything is okay even though I know this is going to happen all over again at some point. During arguments, I know what I want to say, I have exactly what I want to say on the tip of my tongue, but it never comes out. Then I go on to beat up myself afterwards because I am too scared to fight for what I want. I'm a coward. I'm a scared little boy who doesn't know how to deal with confrontation. In my head I can fight with the best of them, on the exterior I can't win a fight if my life depended on it. I'm the type of that says he really doesn't care what goes on or what is happening around me, but in my head, I am slowly getting enraged by what ends up happening. But will never say nothing because I would rather you be happy, than me. I would rather it to benefit you than me because apparently in my head, you are number 1. As long as your happy, that's all that matters, and I hate that. I'm sorry that this post was all jumbled up and mixed together but I don't know how else to do this.
I know this is a first world problem.  I know it is childish.  I know it could be destructive to my relationship with my wife.  What I don't know is how to accept a loss, crushing defeat, etc. while watching a favorite sports team.  I yell, swear, freak the fuck out, etc. I need advice on how (if at all) I can watch sports without acting like a maniac.It is like I can't control myself and only after its all over do I realize how I have been behaving.  I know this is a problem because after last night I am fear that my wife might get so sick of this that she leaves me.  For the record, it is never violent toward another human.  Just things like remotes, phones, etc.If this is petty or not, according to Hoyle anger, let me know and I will delete it.
So as a young child I might have been somewhat angry, not that I can remember. What I do recall is how when I was first going through puberty I became "chill" as my friends and I called it. They said I never got angry, I was always telling people to relax, and I set a good mood.Now i've moved, (i'm 15) to a new state, and lately i've been feeling less, chill, I suppose.I'm good at keeping composure around my "friends" (sarcastically, they're one reason I get angry, I never feel like i'm truly friends with them, but this isn't the right sub for that.)I'm decent I suppose at basketball, though in my mind i'm terrible, but it could be that i'm just judging myself to those at my school who are good. When I got home today I pulled out a basketball and told myself I was going to practice. I shot literally one shot, missed, and got so angry that I kicked the ball, stomped inside, punched, bit, and wrestled a pillow for 5 minutes, by then I was almost in tears. I don't know what came over me, I just exploded. (EDIT: I've never been good at basketball, that could just be my problem, that, and my current friend situation, and fallout 4.)
Hi everyone. I just came across this sub, and I wanted to ask you a question - both for my benefit and hopefully whoever might see this later.What do you do in the moment that your frustration/tiredness/discontent turns into that flash of anger? You know the moment; the lump of bile in your chest, the adrenaline demanding you act, your tunnel-vision kicking in...So what do you do in the moment, that split-second when it's hard not to just *react*? I had a moment like that today over a relatively small inconvenience. I have moments like that pretty often, if I'm honest.So, tl;dr: what are your tips and tricks to stop yourself from reacting in anger in that one incendiary moment?
Im not the one to go calling out for help, but I can't take this any more, I'm going to swallow my pride and spill it. All I can do is just feel angry all the time. Right now my step mother and father are constantly arguing, over the one thing that gets ahold of all of us, money. Recently my dad lost his job, and with that being said he couldnt afford his car anymore so that got taken away. He just found out that he has a malignant brain tumor and on top of all that, with the little money that he is making because he is a retired vet, he has to pay off a bunch of loans that my step mother keeps getting, (where this money is going, we have no idea). He doesn't want to get a divorce because they had a daughter together (she's only 3) and he doesn't want to risk losing her because he loves her so much, and of course I do too. But its just taking a toll so much that I can't do anything but be sad that my father is dying and  be infuriated because my step mother isn't helping the cause. We're stuck in an endless loop. Now I'm not the type to just let out my rage on someone, right now I'm just playing the quiet one. The one no one really knows whats going on inside. Except for my dad he knows and is just as angry. And I could tell my step mom but she doesn't give a shit about me anyways. This is just so horrible and I really need some tips and advice to get my head on straight so I can ACTUALLY do something. Excuse me if my grammar and punctuation is off, I'm writing this in frustration and as you can already guess, I can't think clearly.
I'm thankful to all of you. I haven't felt the need to post in a long time, and I owe it to you guys. Every time I posted, feedback was readily given. Even when I posted something that was nothing more than an unjustified rage, you still were there. You listened, you guys responded. You made me feel like I had a voice, and that you wanted to hear it. I appreciate this. You have helped me to understand my anger more completely, and helped me control it (even if it was only a little more than I already was able to). I just wanted to say, from a calm heart, thank you so much. You guys are awesome.
There's not one grievance in my life that I don't seethe about on almost daily basis. Every petty little injustice, every major argument, every minor argument, everything that's ever been unfair, I just hold onto it and let it eat me alive. I get angry at hardass careerists, at conservatives, at liberals, at New Yorkers, at people from red states, at racists, at SJWs, at republicans who complain about SJWs, at having to have a job, at the media, at the media, at the media, and at everyone who has ever wronged me, ever. I get mad at myself because I'm a goddamn coward, a sycophant, a spineless phony, at liar, a weak pathetic insecure dull witted confused man boy who lives in fear of everything and everyone, who agonizes over what people think of me, is terrified of my boss, who has failed at nearly everything I've ever pursued. I don't know how I can put up with it much longer.
I have been feeling enraged almost all the time lately...it's so bad that I am physically exhausted every day because all my energy is being devoted to being pissed off. I am angry at almost everyone and everything; If I were walking down the street, my anger could be directed at anyone. My thought process is like this: I see someone laughing or looking at me, I assume they are laughing at me or taking the piss so I immediately become enraged. I am also very bitter and believe that people are manipulative, selfish and dangerous. I feel that this massive front is just what I need to do to protect myself. At any moment I feel as if I am preparing for a fight. Physically, it feels terrible. I have a constant knot in my stomach and I've tried meditation/yoga to try and help with it, but it's a gnawing, awful sensation that just makes me so furious. My skin is becoming itchy and blotchy from the amount of stress I'm under.What can I do?
Hello /r/Anger ,I've been dating my bf for soon to be 2 years. We have a lot in common and we get along pretty well almost always. Except when I go batshit crazy about him meeting his friends (which luckily for me is rather rare). When that happens, I go from completely fine to blinded by the anger in matter of a split second, and it's impossible for me to catch my feelings before they explode, exactly because it happens so fast.I'm angry because I know he's going to be having fun while I'll be sitting home in the middle of nowhere trying not to think about anything. I basically don't have any friends but him and I'm guessing that my jealousy towards him having friends while I don't have any is what makes me explode with anger. Even though I love him and I have no idea where I would be today if I haven't had met him, when things like this happen, I spill all the curses I know and I'm really shit to him. I deeply regret it each and every time. Sometimes I'm scared he'll leave me if I continue doing that. But I don't know how to handle my anger. If I don't take it out on him, my mind just shuts down and gets taken over by the anger, rendering me unable to do anything else. If I don't take it out, this can actually last for days, and in the end I have to be shit to him to be able to get back to normal. Of course, this is all on a verbal level. Even if I could (am a very weak girl), I'd never take it further than that.Certain things that should be known about my background: I most likely suffer social anxiety which makes me total utter shit when I need to deal with places and people I have never been to and have never met, which affected my ability to make friends greatly. Also, my father is 99% of the time very jittery, which I think was transferred to me through all these years (I'm 21).I just want to be able to cope with this anger, but I have no idea how when it consumes me completely, and I can't control the source of the anger.
(Long post, sorry)Today, I was cleaning the bathroom. We have these spray bottles that it took me a while to figure out how to use; they don't spray unless you turn a little switch on the nozzle. For the longest time I couldn't figure out how they worked and this would frustrate me. But last week, I figured it out. Hooray. So today, when I went to clean the bathroom, I picked up the spray bottle but it wouldn't spray. And a split second before I remembered I'd figured out how to use them, I got extremely, absurdly angry remembering all my past frustrations with these bottles, and I smashed the head off of it on the counter. Then I smashed it around some more until the floor, walls, ceiling, and myself were covered with the contents of the spray bottle. I heard myself screaming, "THESE FUCKING THINGS DON'T OPEN, THEY DON'T FUCKING OPEN!" just as I was remembering internally that I had in fact figured this shit out. This stuff has been happening a lot lately. But I wasn't always like this. In fact, I used to be well known for having an extremely long temper, being extremely patient. I attribute this to being bullied at home and at school as a child; I had a very thick skin. But I have been dealing with some very difficult things in my life lately. A lot of my drive to not kill myself has come through anger; in that way, it has been positive. Thank fucking god I've been able to get angry instead of sad. It has probably saved my life. But now I need to get it under control. I feel like it is beginning to take over my life. I've needed to start avoiding certain things in order to not get too angry- I'm worried that might eventually become disabling. Also, I can't control myself as well as I used to. To an extent I just don't care to anymore. A month ago, during an argument with one of my housemates, I flung my dresser over. A while after that, when my best friend was drunk and was punching me really hard in the thigh repeatedly even after I'd asked her not to, and did the same thing to her to show her it hurt (don't worry, she's more than a match for me and we've been roughhousing for years), and she just kept doing it anyway, it took a disturbing amount of willpower for me not to punch her in the face. (I didn't and was able to resolve the situation) And a while after that, when walking to class, I saw someone who I hadn't thought about since high school, who'd been a dick to me when I'd seen them last, and I came inches close to pouring my can of coke on their computer before I stopped myself. And the list goes on and on.I don't know. It's starting to scare me. I'm worried I'll hurt someone who does not deserve it. I am in therapy, but that is helping more with other things than with anger. 
Hi, this is my first post on this sub, I will try to keep this to the point. I have had anger problems as long as I can remember. The result of some forgotten trauma most likely. I can get short with my immediate family and friends sometimes but I have been pretty healthy with them for years now. My problem really lays with my significant others. I have noticed a pattern where I meet, we share great chemistry, have crazy great times together for months, then I become disinterested and mean. They would say this usually goes on to borderline abuse I have never punched or anything like that but I have slapped my current SO once after a very drunken argument, it was a one time thing and I feel terrible about it. My current significant other and I started seeing separate therapists and lately keeps bringing that night up. I understand that she may have learned that that night shouldn't have happened but now all she does is cry abuse to the point that I feel like I cant even raise my voice to be heard across the room. I am working on identifying my triggers and not being triggered by them. But when I try to bring up said triggers and if there is anything they can change to also avoid the trigger I get chewed out saying this responsibility is entirely on me. Is that true? Just because I have anger issues does that mean that my boundaries are null and everything falls to me? As an example, I got upset at something and made it known that I was getting upset. SO said "I knew your would never change, that is just another abusive behavior". I later said that this sentence made me feel like a failure which led to another fight. I asked if these feelings come up again if SO could try something along the lines of "You have hurt my feelings and I need you to show me you are changing right now". It was specifically the "I knew you..." That bothered me. Is this ok to ask?
Dear Mr. Last week Sunday my husband was driving me to work early so that we could do a little bit of grocery shopping before I had to start working. We brought along his sister since she was spending the day at our house to spend time with her brother. We were doing the speed limit, chatting on the way there as we often do. At the beginning of the ride, my husband was discussing how much we'd need to save up to get a second reliable car (we don't work the same schedule, so sharing one car is hard). I told him that I wanted to continue driving this one since I was comfortable driving it and had grown quite fond of her. After a while our conversation had teetered out and I was just enjoying being the passenger (normally I have to drive the 25+ minutes to work by myself). Then you changed our lives as we knew it. You pulled out in front of us to make a left hand turn, going way too slow might I add. Everything after that is in flashes, it happened so fast. At first I thought we were going to hit your bumper as my  husband hit the brakes and turned the wheel. But you were going too slow and we didn't have enough time to even REMOTELY slow down. So we full on hit you in the rear driver  door. Our car spun 180 and we ended up in the median. I saw our windshield shatter. I saw the car smoke. I looked over to my husband and asked are you okay? He looked at me and didn't respond. I saw blood pooling from his mouth and was terrified he was seriously hurt. I heard our sister saying "help I can't breathe" as I was reaching for the handle of the car to get out and go to her. My husband was out of the car first, I was having trouble with the seatbelt and the handle and then getting out of the car. Once I was out I opened the back door and my sister laid on the ground to catch her breath. People were running over and my husband walked towards us. They told us that we were bleeding and that we needed to sit down. Someone called 911 and another said that a nurse stopped and was coming over. My husband asked if you had driven away. I looked over to the side of the street and you werent there so I panicked. Someone pointed out where you were. We could see the dent we left in your door, but our little Honda Civic was no match for your Chevy van. We knew our car was totaled. The nurse gave my husband gauze for his split lip from hitting the steering wheel at 50mph, to our sister for her tongue that she bit, and to me for my finger that I somehow cut. My husband called his mother to come because we had no medical information for his sister.We hear the ambulance and fire trucks. The fire men were worried about the fluid coming from our car (just antifreeze) and soaked it up. They proceeded to place stuff by our car like a jack and a tool set and such, I was very confused as to why they would work on our car. Then I looked 20 feet behind our car and recognized a red tool case that my husband had kept in the trunk for a long time. I realized when we got hit, it was enough force to pop open and send a freakin jack flying out of our trunk!I started feeling some pain in my chest from where the seatbelt hit, and realized I had trouble with the door bc my hand was swollen and felt like I jammed my fingers. The EMTs checked us out and asked who was going to the hospital. My husband and I decided we would visit an express care the next day to try and reduce any costs we may have to pay if we have trouble with the insurance companies ect. Our sister went with them so they could get her to a point where she could breathe better and get a cat scan.I guess you went to the hospital too? Idk maybe you were sore from our car hitting yours. But you never came over to see if we were okay? Really? This part I can almost get over, but there's more for me to be angry about later on. The Police came, got witness statements while we called a towing company since our baby wasn't going anywhere. MIL tried to get our registration and insurance out of the glove box and I realized why I had trouble getting out of the car and why my shins and knees hurt. When our car crunched, the glove box also came inward towards my legs. We couldn't get anything out of there at all. The officer told us his conclusion was that you were at fault (duh everyone knew we had no chance of not hitting you) but that the insurance company had to make their own investigation. We went home and got moving right away with our insurance claim because we knew the sooner we get things rolling, the sooner we get a vehicle to get us back and forth to work again. We iced our wounds and found out that our sister was doing okay no thanks to you. The next day we go to the doctor and find out that my thumb is fractured. They gave me a splint but told me it would be at least a week before we could get ahold of an ortho because of Thanksgiving. So Idk if I need a cast, Idk how long I will not be able to properly use my hand at work or for anything really. I cant write because its my dominant hand, and am having trouble adjusting to using my left hand for anything. I love playing frisbee golf with my husband and taking my dog to the park by myself. Idk when I will do those things even after we get a car. Fast forward a few days after we talk to a few different people from our insurance company, as well as 2 from your company, we find out that you decided to not pick up your phone for your insurance company. You didn't file a claim with them yet. Maybe you don't want to move forward because you dont want to face what you did to us. Maybe you just dont care because you are probably walking around fine, and your van probably still drives. GROW UP! Be the adult in this situation and face up to what you did. Here we are a married couple at 23 and 21. We just recently bought our first home. We both work in retail, so we are not banking it, but we can stand on our own two feet and are happy doing so. You are in your fifties and can't be bothered to tell your insurance company what happened. So now we are stuck paying for a rental car out of pocket for at least a week while we wait for the police report to be given to your insurance company. How about you own up to what emotional trauma you have caused. Not only do I lay awake worrying about having nightmares about that crash, but I worry about one of us having delayed internal bleeding. I worry about what my job is going to say when I show up on Saturday unable to use my dominant hand. I worry about our sister who already has anxiety issues and doesn't have a license at 19. You did not make that any easier for her, who knows when she will get behind the wheel when she knows that she can do everything right behind the wheel and then you can come out and still cause a serious accident like you did.I know that I should be thankful that we are all okay. I really am glad for that. But as soon as I allow myself to think about what you did that you shouldn't have done, and what you should have done that you didn't do, my blood boils. I really would like to show up at your house and give you a piece of my mind. But I know better, and would never do that. Hopefully your insurance company gets ahold of you and tells you off for shirking your responsibilities as a grown adult. -the peoples lives you could have ended/could have ended your life with your carelessness (if my husband didn't swerve, we would have hit your drivers side door.)TLDR: Got into car accident that is not our fault. Bruised up and I have a fractured thumb. Driver won't pick up calls from insurance company and is making moving forward a hassle. Getting some anger out by writing a fake letter. 
I just snapped and broke a bunch of shit in my apartment, because i tried to make two grilled cheese sandwiches and they both stuck to the pan to the point they became a soggy, burnt, mess. Tried again, more butter, little bit of Pam, same exact result. So I flipped out, breaking stuff, screaming about all the hell i would bring. Over a sandwich. I dont have issues in my life stemming from anger. Ive got a wonderful gf of 5 years. A good job. A best friend i see weekly. So  what the hell? Does this even count as anger management issues?Its like I just have an ocean of anger swirling around, waiting for one wrong stimuli to throw it into a vicious storm of over reactions. 
I lost my study guide for school and it takes 5 hours to finish.  My horrible teacher won't let us type it and I have had to redo it twice already.
I'm sorry if this breaks any rules but I just freaked out and I'm stuck with myself right now so I hope someone hears me out. Reddit, I've got an anger problem. I overreact to normal situations and have bursts of extreme anger that seem to come from no where pretty regularly. I don't cause a scene in public or anything, but when I am home or in a comfortable environment I take it out on everyone around me. I just become the biggest dickhead towards people who don't deserve it. I am rude, bossy and sometimes even mean to my kids. They don't deserve a bad day just because I feel pissed off. An example: My son was supposed to be in bed about an hour ago, his regular bed time. I didn't tuck him in tonight but he took his melatonin and went to his room so I figured he was fast asleep when I didn't hear any noise. I'm on the computer redditing away and he walks in and startles me a little, proud of a picture he has been drawing and wants to show me. The next thing I know, I am just yelling at him to go to bed, not even letting him speak and I realize- I have been getting on to him all day long. There's no school tomorrow, he's been in his room quietly keeping busy since he wasn't tired enough to fall asleep yet and here I was, freaking yelling at him for wanting to share his creation with me. I was just yelling at him, for literally no good reason. And he's really the sweetest kid and helps when he can, he didn't deserve that at all. Unfortunately this type of thing happens often with my husband, my children and whoever else is generally around. I tell myself that I'll work on it, and I've taken steps to start to realize when I am acting this way but it has got to the point that even when I realize it's happening, I can not shut it down. I can think to myself in my head- "You're acting like an idiot and there's no reason to be this pissed off" **while** yelling at someone and I can't figure out how to just shut up and cool off. I just really don't want to live like this anymore and I don't want to put those around me through a bunch of unnecessary feuds and fights. I want to learn how to chance this kind of anger into something else and more than that, figure out where it comes from. It's got to come from something, right?I don't want to end up a narcissist and put my family through the crap I went through growing up with an angry, bitchy, bossy mom/wife/family member. I feel like I'm going to cause harm (emotionally) to those around me if I don't get my shit together. I don't feel like this everyday but I do know that I am getting angry at inappropriate times and for stupid reasons and I am fairly certain this isn't supposed to be normal. People aren't supposed to get *this* angry over the things I get angry about. Sorry for the wall. I'm just very upset with myself. I'm kind of open to any advice right now.
I read online that Benadryl, Valerian, Primal Calm, Chamomile, and Passionflower can help reduce feelings of anxiety or anger. Does anybody have personal experiences of any of those things or other substances that help me deal with my anger (and that don't have terrible side effects)? 
There are a number of ways.  I enjoy humor.  It is hard to stay mad when you're making jokes, deflecting negative thoughts with witty comments and playful banter.  I try and imagine things as if they were events in cartoons or imagine metaphors taken literally.  It helps that I'm a funny guy besides.I try and imagine things from the side of whoever I'm angry at and I desperately try to see why they are doing this.  It is extremely hard, but sometimes the realization that this might be them trying to help or their heart is in the right place helps to mitigate any rage I might have.  Maybe they're doing the wrong thing for the right reasons.  What is this argument really about?  It is amazingly difficult to keep it in check, but a few seconds of consideration can mean the difference between a fight and a reconciliation.I admit that I can't do it while driving.  I try and think that I'm releasing my anger in a 'safe' way and maybe sometimes it is.  Honestly though, all sense of 'love thy fellow man' goes out the window and I am a bile spewing maniac in a death machine who can't understand why nearly every other driver is an idiot.  Pedestrians get a pass, they can't help that they are slow.  The way I see it, anger is almost like alcoholism.  I'm terrified because sometimes I realize how much I enjoy it.  I love being angry so much because of how it makes me feel during it.  Everything is simple when you're angry and you feel like you could tear the world to pieces with your bare hands.  When the pressure builds and everything is terrible right until the moment you snap.  I'm getting better at it, but it never ends.  Oh well, life sucks then you die.Sorta off topic, but does anyone get an 'anger hangover' or at least realize you get it?  I typically have a headache after losing my shit.
Someone very wise posted on here that it helps to consider the source of your anger so you can do something about that, since anger can actually be a sign that we need something to change in our lives. I realized lately that I d always been "too nice." I think being nice is great, and I don't want to change that part, but I think I've held back telling me needs to people, asserting and standing up for myself, explaining how I really feel, and generally having such a low opinion of myself that if anyone was rude or mean or something, I'd blame myself.Well...now at age 31 I just don't feel this way as much anymore. I feel like I want to live my life on my own terms, pursuing things I want for a change, and not letting others' opinions sway me from not believing in myself.But the anger...ugh. I've never been an "angry" person, but it's scaring me now. I'm in therapy and always have been the "nice" patient who listens even if my therapist talks about herself a lot. I tried to be considerate and acknowledge everything she says. Yesterday, though, I got truly angry for the first time in months, after she told me that I could smile more to get a good response out of people. I did the right thing and told her that it upset me, and she agreed it was a sore spot and worth exploring.I'm just sick of always catering to others, and I do smile sometimes, and agree it's helpful for forging relationships. I think it hit a cord because I always felt I needed to be soft and non-threatening to make others comfortable, at my own expense. This is not saying that being gentle and nice are wrong- just that they can be bad if the person is constantly sacrificing their own desires, expressions or beliefs. Also when I was quite younger I had poor sexual experiences where I felt taken advantage of, including doing a video I regret. The "smile" comment reminded me of how I felt I had to pretend to be a sexy seductive pleasing woman at one time, or I was worthless. It reminded me how I don't say what I really think or feel much of the time.This went really longer than I thought. Perhaps I just want to find ways to overcome or deal with this anger, because I feel like it could seriously impact my relationships if it grows worse. I fear that I may have an anger attack if there's a trigger, and do something I regret.Anyone feel this way at times? What techniques or other stuff has helped you cope with anger in the moment, or learn how to be more assertive but also considerate and non-scary to other people?
I've had anger issues for my entire life, and sometimes it gets to a peak where I begin to do things I don't want to do (Scream, break things, punch things, sometimes cry) but I do it because I cannot control it at some points.I've done all the "Put yourself in your happy place" or "Count to 10 slowly", and all that does it make me stew over the issue and send me into a rage again. Reddit, what do I do? I hate this. I want it to stop, but I can't. The smallest things sometimes send me into a rage, and I know deep inside its stupid, but I still do it.
I'm frustrated and maybe I'm just selfish but I know I tried my best to get betterBut I'm not as patient and I am just writing my frustrations for anyone to read like a diary Everything spiraled into bad thing and you know I could have said help but no one is there to ever listen and I closed my doors and windows and let me be stuck because I love her, my mother.She was crying that day because I "run away" I opened the door and she bursts into tears and it break my heart and since that day my brain told me to be a good girl not to break her heart like that again yes mummy I'll be good I won't leave your sideAnd I'd been a good person but you can't be a good person when you are growing up My friends are little devils we all have to lose our innocence. but I can't and that guilt is always in me.But after high school you are an adult there's not much fun things you can do.My friends certainly grow up and began having serious dates and we are all doing what we do. Some go to college others straight to work others travel and moved on their own.I am stuck like a kid don't know what to doNo money to attend school Life is miserable.It took me this many years to know you won't get to places if you don't play the rules.Responsibility and losing your niceness comes hand in hand Because you have to just stop being a good girl and have fun Most jobs you'll never get until you have network And of course if you don't have a proper educationI'm screwed and I'm angry I wouldn't be so angry if I don't dream too muchBut even simple dream of having a family of my own is too much to ask.And my mother as far as I know is a narcissistic mother.She is always right,Push me around and since her husband died she found me to be her personal psychologist again And most of the time keep dumping all her troubles and dramas to me.I'm so frustrated and angry I contemplate sucide everyday.and to make it worst I made myself a monster because I'd been living in the morality of a good little girl that everyone hates.And so these days I always think yes my life doesn't matter when I think it, When I kill myself a lot of people will rejoice because I'm a bad little bitch they hate and I'm finally gone.Little life lost, what an irony Tbc
I've increasing become more aware of how I talk to people around me. When I have an opinion I practically have to drive it home to whomever may be listening. It's almost like an obsession and I can't stop myself.When someone's opinion is different then mine I tend to dismiss it and have sometimes called it stupid. When I'm in that moment I can't seem to stop myself. I find I obsess over these conversations for ages after and realize what I've said was wrong and feel horrible for dismissing the other person or calling their idea stupid. I don't want to do this. I hate that I'm like this. How do I make myself stop and take a breath? To not take what others say as a personal attack.
Maybe I'm just a tortured artist. Who knows. I have dreams, goals, desires. Musical aspirations. Dreams of fantastic photography, cinema beyond your imagination. The latter two don't bother me as much; I am new to them, and they are new to me. While I have many ideas, levels that I want to take my photography and film to, it never bothers me. I allow my inexperience to be the reason to brush off my frustration at being unable to capture what I want, and just continue my grind. I know I will continue to grow and achieve. But, musically, it is a bit different. See, I am frustrated with the people. People who I try and create with, people who listen, who experience. If I don't have collaborators, I cannot improve. I cannot completely create. If I don't have the people, I cannot share. You have to manage to keep them on your side while pushing them . But no one wants to push, to grow. I have the knowledge, but not the manpower that understands. Even when it comes to my djing. There are songs I want to play that I know people will love. But they don't want to hear them, they want the same old day in and day out until the song I've been trying to play for weeks blows up. Call me a hipster, but I've been playing "Hotline Bling" since the day it dropped. For months, I put it on and people would come up to my booth and ask me to change tracks. But now, everyone comes up begging for it. Nobody wants to grow, no one wants to experience. I've heard, "I like where your head is at, but we cannot do it just now" too many times. Why. Why can we not push ourselves to be the very best? Why must we work our way up the ladder of mediocrity until it is acceptable to reach the greatness we have dreamt of? It's like the finishline is in front of my eyes yet they make me run in place for fifteen mintues so that the rest can catch up. Yes, I still win, but why have we wasted all that time? To make the race look closer? This thread is to vent my frustrations, mainly. But I also want to know; what is it you all do to come to terms with your frustrations? What do you all do artistically to push past this waiting game I have to play? Am I in the wrong for this frustration? 
I recently had some... English typing humanoid respond to a *very innocuous* post (which even included some self deprecating humor to make extra sure it was taken more casually and not like SJWish...) in a manner that I found **shockingly** hostile and malicious.And I've found myself cringing when I see the orange mail tag ever since.  And this is FAR from the first time this has happened.I concede I'm an angry person.  I'm actively working on it.  AND if I've had an angry-post, I fully expect to get Angry-posted right back.  But I try not to angry-post.  So...  this kind of arbitrary malice just makes working on my own anger seem pointless.No one else is.  Or at least enough other people (boldly attacking anonymously empowered by Keyboard Kourage) that it seems like their ranks are unending.How does any one working on their anger stay at Reddit?  I seriously think I need to delete my account.  (again...)
I am a very open minded person and i am "different" from most of the other kids at school. I dress different and I listen to different music and I'm the only person like me at my school. I like to think of myself as a very kind and mellow person when i hang around the people that are kind to me and accept me, but I have a terrible habit of completely flipping into a completely different person. for example like if somebody were to make fun of me or push me around i would completely change into a very very very angry and almost psychopathic kind of mood. anyway I just feel intense rage brewing inside me and I'm just so fucking fed up with trying to be nice and make friends but just getting cast off as "weird". 
It can't be good, I know it can't. I was always... resentful because of his failures to be a good father, but this is different. It feels worse. Just seeing him makes me want to go berserk now.My dad has his own issues. He was kicked out of the Navy due to having Multiple Personality Disorder (I'm not quite sure though; he doesn't want help but he's old, so it may be something else) But he always shouted at me. He always shouted at everyone and everything. He has a terrible temper, and he goes berserk because my mom wants him to help around a bit at the house, and he can't bring himself to out down the beer bottle and do it.But the thing is, his episodes are brought on by the smallest factors. But regardless of what those factors are, he took it out on all of us. Raving like a lunatic. I'll never forget some of the things he told me in temper tantrums. And he has never, EVER, apologized or even considered the possibility his outbursts are unwarranted.He's raised his fist at my sister, and he's scratched my mom. She can get on my nerves too with her nagging, but she tried to take her OWN wallet from him and when he yanked it back he scratched her. He's shoved me and almost hit me too.And when he's not on a tirade, he's moaning like a whale on the couch how he tries so hard yet no one appreciates him. He has not once ever tried to connect with me, ever. Not with my two older siblings either. The thing is though, he's 62 right now. I actually think he's going senile, because he's not physical anymore, or he can't afford to be anymore I suppose. His sentences don't make sense with some frequency. His temper tantrums last less time, I think, at least. But my anger at him is only growing despite the fact that he can only be on par or somewhat less worse than he was before.One time, I had to go to Stat care because the doctor's office was closed. I don't even remember when, but sometime when the nurse was getting the doctor he made a joke, and his shit-eating grin, dead eyes, wrinkles around his eyes... For some reason, those factors made me want to strangle him.What do I do to deal with this? My anger's not getting better, it's getting worse despite my ordeal being the same or a little "better." I've never had a violent urge in my life aside from directed at him. I've thought about hurting him physically in a few ways. One time, he was standing like an idiot with his mouth open and cocked slightly to the time, and I thought how satisfying it'd be to punch his jaw back into place...Not only that, but I've thought about how much easier my life would be, how much easier and happier my early childhood (I'm 17) could've been if he wasn't there.Just... I don't know what to do. Is it wrong for me to feel this way? How can I cope?
Forgot a password and asked S.O. While she was getting ready for work"let me ask you a question". She got agitated and I said never mind. She runs and gets on her laptop as I'm continuing to tell her to let it go. I'm not much of a conversationalist, it wouldn't have took her a minute to tell me, a one word response yet she took it to the next level. I stewed on this all day yesterday, if I'm getting ready for work she wants attention, to have general conversation. I harbored this anger all day yesterday, resented her, had a hard time letting it go. I fantasized and imagined what it would be like to leave her. I have a comfortable home life most the time. My daughter is 16, a straight A student with advanced classes. I drink , probably too much, I think I'm going to quit for a while. My anger scares me when I look at where it could take me. Going to try to be more patient with my wife, not be so selfish. Hope she forgives me. 
So sometimes when my SO and I fight we get into screaming matches. Like yelling so loud in each others faces that he actually makes me flinch sometimes.Last night I got so frustrated I just started kicking the wall when he left the room that I kicked a hole in it.That was a fucking wake up call for me. I immediately started crying and freaking out.I never thought that I had anger management issues but I fucking put a hole in our wall! I dont even know where to start or what to do.Please, any advice is greatly appreciated. I dont want to be that kind of person.
Ok so I feel like I have control of my anger most of the time. Under stressful situations, I have a harder time reacting the way I should. Especially when stressful situations keep piling and piling on my back. Around 5 years ago my friend passed away and I had the highest point of anger/frustration in my life and I punched a USPS mail box and broke one of my hand bones in half, to the point where I needed surgery. After that point I really tried letting everything from off my back. Until just last week where I lost control again and punched a telephone pole and hurt my and again, not as bad as last time but still pretty severe. Not that I'm making excuses for the anger but a lot of shit has been going wrong or bad in my life in the last 2 or so months. My uncle was diagnosed with terminal cancer and passed away last month. Not even a week later my cat/best friend of 14 years was diagnosed with a mass in his belly and is literally dieing in front of me , practically starving to death. Then my car broke down, then after purchasing a new car (my uncle's vehicle) the car had major issues, which were eventually fixed. But during this time of going to get my car and it not working was where I lost control. While trying to calm myself down from being very elevated, on the verge of tears, I lost it and saw red. I literally saw myself third person punching the pole. It was 55F and i was so angry i was literally steaming. And as soon as it happened I instantly regret it. Does that happen to anyone else? Also anyone have any ways to calm down in the moment? Thanks for listening to my rant.
So for me, the only sport I really like playing is hockey, and i'm decent, if not pretty good at it. I also run track, longboard, and workout a lot.But LITERALLY every other sport I get super frustrated with. I asked my brother if he wanted to play frisbee, and not even a minute in all my fingers are jammed up, I yell, "FUCK!" and walk inside in disgust.Football and basketball also trip me up, unless i'm with friends, and not the ones i'm besties with either. I put on a fake face and just try to suck it up. But i'm super bad at them.My parents have told me it's just because i'm too hard on myself, but I don't think it is that. I just honestly can't handle losing that well unless i'm playing good. Any ideas to combat this? I mean, besides getting better, obviously.
need to vent. I'm 16 and I've been feeling really shitty for a while. It comes and goes, I thought I had bipolar for a bit but I'm gonna put it down to being a teen with mood swings. Today I've been really feeling like shite for a few reasons about me and my life, but just 10-20 minutes ago, I went batshit insane. It was the stupid reason was that my computer went off as I was about to play CS:GO with some mates, told them to wait for me, but after I left they got a full team together and started playing. When I got back, they informed me that they'd started with out me, so I quite teamspeak, ripped my headset out, snapped it, started throwing stuff at the walls of my rented home (dented them), accidentally smashed something from my deceased grandfather which made me feel even angrier. I'm normally a very calm person, quite quiet, so I don't know what the fuck just happened to me. I'm pretty worried right now. only told one of my closest friends what happened.
About 4 months ago my girlfriend cheated on me and this guy that she did with is still alive sadly. Still today I can't stop thinking about hurting this dude. Sometimes I wake up and I'm just so angry and all I want to do is kill him. I don't know how to let it go though and it sucks being this angry all the time. I'm at a wall and don't know where to go. I've gotten to the point to where I've started to follow my stomach. I'm  actually two days away from a saying fuck it and just giving in and finding him and beating him up. I'm just lost and I came running here for help.

So my mom is 45 and she's the best mom I could ask for except for the fact that she is the angriest person I've ever met. She and my step father fight constantly over his ex wife. Even fight  is initiated by her. If he doesn't speak to his ex wife exactly how my mom wants him to, she'll throw a fit that lasts  days. Everything has to be her way, if you do one thing differently then she blows up.  Yeah there is some bad blood but it all happened over a year ago. My mom holds grudges and doesn't let go. It's impossible to reason with her when she's angry. She gets tunnel vision and wont listen to any reasoning besides her own. She'll scream for hours and won't talk to anyone. This can last from a day up to a week. She can even get violent. She'll throw my step dad's phone against the wall, hit him. I love my mom and want her to seek help but she just keeps denying the fact that she needs help with her anger. I don't know what to do
I just found this subreddit and felt like contributing. Don't know how much good it'll do...I've been dealing with anger issues for as long as I can remember. I would yell, curse, and throw things around. I remember an incident when I was younger where I kicked holes in the wall. I even pushed my mother during one of our (many) arguments. I'm even more angry now because I feel like circumstances beyond my control are preventing me from doing what I want to do. Also, I just feel generally alone in the world and no one really understands me. I don't trust anybody; people haven't really been trustworthy in the past, and I haven't met anybody yet that deserves my trust.I feel like I've been an observer to other people's problems my whole life, yet now I'm struggling to get myself together and no one's really helping me. I've never been able to really vent my frustrations because it's always seen as an attack on the person I'm venting to. So, I keep it in, but I feel like it's getting worse and worse. I feel like *I'm* getting worse and worse.UPDATE (11/8/15): I'm beginning to think my anger issues (as well as some other issues I have) may be a result of an undiagnosed case of ADHD. I've been doing research on it, and I seem to fit most of the criteria, but I don't like self-diagnosing. Next time I go see a doctor, I'm going to ask him/her about it.  
Some people have experienced shit loads of pain and have a clear understanding of their situation and should be fucking listened to.If I died and was a ghost looking down on my corpse, I might see my parents desperately try to revive my dead body and my younger sister cry with hands covering her mouth and it would be heart-breaking to see but I wouldn't try to grant their wish and bring myself back to life.Me being alive shouldn't have been what made them happy and if it was and they wanted to put so much pressure on me to satisfy them then there would've been no way for me having any way to survive without feeling like I would be doing the wrong thing with my life.It's probably not their fault that they wanted so much out of me but it's not my fault if I couldn't help them and felt like I had reached my limit dying from overwork and stress.Why are people so fucking proud holding their stupid stigmas and then complain when the victim kills him/herself and not do anything about it? 
Essentially, I was friends with my roommate for a year, and then recently she freaked out at my other two roommates for absolutely no reason.  We had a meeting with our RA and while the three of us were sitting calmly, this roommate was screaming and yelling and cursing at everyone, she even kind of personally attacked one of my roommates and when she was freaking out on me, I tried to explain myself in the most soft-spoken way possible, and she told me to be quiet.  Eventually we decided that we could all be ok with each other over time during that meeting, but it really bothers me that everyone apologized for the tiny little things they did that might've been taken the wrong way, but she not only didn't apologize, but she asserted off the bat that she did absolutely nothing wrong and I'm sure she left still feeling like she was perfect and right.  I thought I could move on, but some other crap started flaring up later that led me to not be able to see her as anything but a psychotic liar.  Like, absolutely insane, manipulative, bitch.  Anyway, now her parents moved to another state so she can't go home on the weekends, so now she's acting like everything's fine and we're all friends, and now she's around far more often too which is all very frustrating to me.  I just don't know what to do, because I hate talking to her like we're friends because when I look at her face all I can see is her yelling at everyone, and I honestly do not care about her life and I don't want to tell her about mine.  And honestly, am I so wrong to think she should learn that her actions have consequences?  That she can't just expect things to go back to normal without apologizing for being irrational, for being incredibly rude and outright mean to all of us, or at the very least handling things poorly?  I don't want to be outright rude for the sake of keeping the peace for the next 6 months, but I can't help but be incredibly mad.  And when I try to think about why she is the way she is in an attempt to humanize her, I just get pissed at how spoiled and entitled she is. I usually don't really hold grudges, particularly when it's in my home because my home is my sanctuary where I prefer to be comfortable, but I honestly cannot seem to drop it because I've never had someone commit the trifecta of lying, screaming, and never apologizing or accepting responsibility since probably 4th grade.  What do I do, how do I deal?  Sorry if this was partially some venting.
This is a constant problem I've been facing for a while. Reading the news and internet comment sections is a constant source of rage for me, the kind that develops into elaborate violent fantasies. Everywhere I look I see narcissism, bigotry, stupidity, sadism and all four wrapped up and stuffed into police officers like the world's most fucked-up turducken. I know on an intellectual level that what I see is not representative of most people but when I see so much cruelty and so little kindness I can't help feel cynical.Yesterday (by which I mean two days ago since it's 3am) I decided once and for all to cut 4chan out of my life completely and move on to reddit like I should have years ago. I thought it would help but I feel like the harsh truth of reality is following me. I went to mcDonalds today for dinner and as I was sitting there eating my usual deep fried garbage this guy walked up to the glass doors and held up a sign covered in antisemitic and antiislamic stupidity. Everyone in the restaurant just sat there and kept eating. Nobody did anything, nobody said anything, nobody even scowled at him.Later as I sat on my couch and watched lets plays my mind kept going back to just this elaborate torture fantasy. It was something so awful but it made me so satisfied, and before I knew about it I had been fantasizing about torture for half an hour. I'm going back to therapy but I don't know if that will be enough to get me over this intense, disturbing cynicism
Okay so I mentioned in a previous post that I've thought of my dad as an emotionally abusive man. He will routinely yell at me for the slightest infraction and often go off in to a tirade about politics. He has also made little jokes here and there that were incredibly mean spirited. I plan to see less and less of him by going to school and working all the time. The only time I'll be spending in the house will be for sleeping.I think that the reason why all of this bothers me is because of the sheer lack of honor and the sheer treachery of it all. I remember back in high school getting bullied; getting bullied wasn't what made me angry, it was the fact that those who bullied me were people who I had befriended and eventually decided they had no use for me. The blatant betrayal left me with emotional scars and I often hold grudges now. I know this is not healthy, but from my perspective, if a person has no honor and is a treacherous individual, then I have no use for them.Tell me what you think, am I wrong for feeling this way.
I created an alt account specifically to anger people on Reddit. I had it for about 3 months. I deleted it yesterday.I don't know what my motivation was. I just felt frustrated by Reddit crap that infuriates me for some reason, on top of actual real frustrations. Stupid image macros on adviceanimals, people blindly excited for a video game, intentionally parodying abhorrently racist attitudes on /r/worldnews, why do I spend so much time trying to feel superior to a group of people with interests I find stupid?I got a deep anger bubbling inside me and I guess trolling is how I would express it. I should find a less pathetic outlet. Not going to do it anymore.
Everything on a day to day basis seems trivial. I don't get angry because theres no point. Someone cut in front of you in line? "Excuse me, back of the line is there." No real anger, just a calm reminder. Someone cusses me out? Fuck you guy... and shrug it off because, really? I know otherwise, I'll flip them off and walk away with my head held high. Theres no use in getting mad over trivial shit. I haven't been legitimately angry in over 10 years. Something serious happened up recently... To someone I love. Something worse than murder. The thing that leaves the victim mentally and emotionally scarred. I wasn't there to protect her, but I'm not feeling guilty. I was given the name of him. I could make one phone call and find out where he lives. I'd only have to drive for an hour. I was seeing red, eyes bloodshot, vibrating from self control. I made a final decision: either him or I, will end up in prison. I was almost a felon last night. I've calmed down quite a bit, because I convinced her to do something about it. But I'm still angry... I havent had to cope with anger in years... I forgot how... Someone... Anyone... I need guidance. I've been flaring up and down all day, deep breathing helps but its not enough. Working is distracting, but only when I'm busy. And when I get home... I need something I can do to ease the tension constructively, or even to simply disarm and dissolve it. I'll be checking this when I get home. I appreciate anything you can give me.Edit: home now, no responses? Wonderful. I've been fighting conniptions all day, and I'm I'm still alone in my internal battle. 
I wouldn't say I was perfect with my anger, but about 6-8 months ago is when things started to get bad.I had surgery to fix a problem with my voice. I was telling people I cant yell, specifically across the house like most people do as that would be bad for me. Yet my mom kept yelling at me across the house and expecting me to yell back at her. I didnt feel I could just stop what I was doing that second to go see what she needed or respond to her, and for that same reason I couldnt text her. Even if I did text her she didnt always have her phone with her to see that I sent her something. She would then yell across the house again repeating herself. I would get frustrated by this.To compound to it, even when we were maybe 20 feet apart, although in another room I would try to say something to her and get ignored. I would even raise my voice rather loud and still I was ignored. Now my surgery should have lasted 12-18 months, its only lasted about 6 months and my voice is failing me by about 3 or 4 pm each day depending on how much I use it. This is frustrating on several levels. I only have one person in my life that can comprehend how frustrating this is, to talk to people 12-24 inches away, and for them not to hear me because my voice keeps cutting in and out. Then I have people that cant, or pretend not to, hear me and I feel ignored because of it. Its also causing some stuttering issues because its changing so much its hearing a different sound then what Im used to. I would also come home from a long day of work (I work IT tech support) either at my scheduled time after answering lots of annoying calls or on a long day that required me to work extra hours, and my dog would do something to set me off. Either I got home and found out she peed in her crate requiring me to clean it out, shed get out of her crate and chew on something, or again pee and I would have to clean it up. I ended up getting so upset one day I receptively punched her crate breaking the roof to it. Today I was about to leave for work when I noticed my dog peed on the floor. I was already running late. I didnt say anything about it, I just cleaned it up. I noticed my mom was running late/not getting ready for work. Some days she stays home because of her bad knee. I thought this was the case and wanted to be nice to my dog so I called for her to come out of her crate (if I pick up my keys in the morning she knows its time for her to go in) to go into the other room. She refused to come. I tried calling her nicely a few times, then sternly the other two. Im aware she thought I was going to yell at her which is why I tried the nice approach. That started to set me off. I tried to pull her by her collar, that came off so I threw it on the floor and kicked her crate. I heard something break off, not sure what. I pulled her by her scruff again and she came out cowering in a corner. As I was coming back up from bending over, I got a bloody nose thus making me later to work and getting me more upset. When I was able to show her what I was trying to do, my moms dog started barking. Its hard for my mom to hear me when her dog barks and the only way to shut her up is to slap her or hold her mouth shut. I try not to hit the dogs at all (I gave my dog a very light smack on the top of the head this morning for barking into my ear) so the option is holding her mouth shut which then she tries to bite me. When I do get frustrated by my inability to communicate it frustrates me. I start shaking my hands like an upset child until I hit something and thats not good. While Im typing this I had a user call and ask me how to setup email on her iphone, she did not want to use the instructions we gave her. She flat out said that. I cant help her because I have an android and the only thing I would do is read off the instructions to her. I feel like I want to punch something from it. Granted that could be from everything else thats happening today (waking up at 3:30 am to my dog puking in my bed and a co-worker getting on my case because another department wanted change something last minute and I was the point of contact, all though I still sent the communications on), thats not something worth getting that upset about. I go back in for surgery I have a 5 day weekend coming up. I go in for surgery again monday as well. Im hoping that will change some of this, but I would like some advice on dealing with my anger in general. 
On the outside I maintain a pretty cool and collected exterior. Never getting angry, never shouting. I live at home with my mother and brother, both of whom are very toxic people. They shout, they throw shit, they fly off the handle at the most trivial of things. My mother is a bible thumbing Xtian who just can't shut up about Jesus between the times she threatens to throw me out, kill herself, or disappear without a trace. My brother is a two bit thug 17 year old who dropped out of school and thinks because he's a big dude he can push everyone around and talks shit constantly. Today I got headbutted in the face by my brother because he tried to steal a pack of cigs from me and I nearly lost it. The last time I lost control of my emotions I almost murdered a man, who was very lucky to have survived what I ended up doing. It's 6 AM and I still can't sleep because of how pissed off I am. I don't act on my impulses, but I feel like if I ever let them get the better of me I'll end up in prison. Its like a primal rage where you can't even think. I have no outlets and I have nowhere to go. All this shit is just really getting to me. I have to get the fuck out of here but I have no way of doing so. How the hell do I deal with all this built up rage at my home life? I hate women(mommy issues) I hate men(daddy issues), and I hate my peers(social problems). How can I even function in society with all this repressed rage? It just builds up and builds up and I don't want to explode on anyone.
Over the smallest things I just have no fuse left when people come to me with even the small of disagreements I get furious. I usually just choke it down and walk away but really I just want to maim them unrecognizable. I contort my face in pleasant gestures pretending to myself and them that I am a pleasant cooperative human being in the pursuit of betterment of all mankind. Really I am just a backlog of repressed emotions walking around in a human mask. 
I recently just went off on a teenaged kid from the neighborhood. I started swearing at him. I seemed to have no control over this at all. I'm not saying that I "woke up" after ten seconds of rage, but after those ten seconds, I felt foolish and ashamed.  Why can't I control this? I know my triggers. So why do I go on auto-pilot?I'll spare you the details, but let's just say that I humiliated myself again . . . and now I may have humiliated my wife and children. Unbelievable. I dragged them into it. The guilt, shame, and anxiety I am feeling right now is overwhelming. Why do I snap? I've been trying so hard . . . yet I still snap once every few months. Why? I've been reading about these issues, studying these issues, working out....but nothing seems to help.I've been chronically underemployed for eight years and am in debt, so I am always angry and bitter, and that does not help . . . but I've always had these moments where I snap, where I go on auto-pilot. How can I stop?It may be too late.
Made a throwaway since my husband browses reddit and knows my username. I have struggled with anger for years. My husband and I have been together 10 years and married for two of them. We're the classic high school sweethearts, been together and best friends forever.  I've always been a bit of a firecracker and have had issues controlling my anger when set off. My husband is a calm patient man and has always been able to help me and stop me with my anger. When I was 20 I got diagnosed with a hormone imbalance and was given medication. After getting the medication, my moods have really evened out and it has helped me a lot. I also exercise a lot and take boxing to make sure my anger has an outlet. We rarely argue, but when we do it is always about the same thing. His older brother. His older brother lives in another state and is a drug grower and dealer. When he comes to town he insists on staying with us his entire stay and my husband gladly opens our home up to him. He is an awful houseguest, making messes everywhere, using drugs in my home, ans our dog is terrified of him. His visits this past year have also included his new girlfriend who is... A hooker and webcam girl. Two years ago I found out his brother was sending drug money in the mail on his visits to see us, using our home as a return address. I was obviously upset, my husband and I both have careers that could be ruined forever if we were connected to his brother and his business. I told my husband expecting him to finally be more firm with him, and see the stress his visits put on my dog and I, his family. Instead he simply asked him to stop and not to conduct business in his home. Obviously since then we have had some pretty major arguments about his brother staying with us, and I always lose and he ends up in my house for a few weeks a year with his lovely girlfriend who is just as lovely a houseguest as he is. I talked with my dad about these problems not knowing where else to turn since my husbands parents believe his brothers many lies he feeds them about what he and his girlfriend do for a living. My father said that brothers are very loyal to each other and I should try not to argue with my husband about the issue because i will never get anywhere with it, and that I should just clamp down and deal with the few weeks a year he is in my home. My parents have even been taking my dog and babysitting her while the brother is in town and that helps... At least then she isn't living in fear of the scary brother. She is petrified of him, she won't eat or drink when he is around and glues herself to me. My dog was abused before we got her and I finally got the brother to admit to me that the first day he interacted with her when my husband and I were out of our home he hit her. Wow no wonder she is scared of him. Told my husband and he once again took his brothers side saying he didn't understand animals and he hasn't done it since so it's ok.Fast forward to yesterday... Everything has been fine. I tolerated the brother and his girlfriend visiting in July for a week fairly well, only had one angry outburst the whole week. I was talking with my husband about how I hate that my dog can't stay in her own home during christmas and has to stay with my parents because of his brother and his girlfriend staying with us all the time. I wondered if this would continue when she gets too old to manage the stress of the whole thing well. My husband said his brother would always be welcome in his home and that he wouldn't turn him away. His loyalty and everything to his brother it was just too much for me. I asked him to finally tell me why we weren't as important to him as his brothers comfort and he wouldn't answer me. I lost it. I've never been physically violent before and he has NEVER been physically violent to me. I punched him I went nuts punching and hitting him as hard as I could. He did not retaliate besides throwing me off him twice. In my anger I went to bed. I woke up today with a sprained finger and a belly full of shame. My husband got up before me and went to work. I've tried texting him and calling him but haven't gotten a response yet. I'm worried he wants to leave me. I am so embarrassed. It has been so long since I have felt so angry and I've never hit anything before outside of boxing class. I feel like I just need to learn what to do with my anger. Maybe get a counselor or go to a class? I can see I really will never win the battle of the brother, and I love my husband so much I never want to hit him again. I don't know what to do reddit, please I need help, any advice would be appreciated! Thank you!
I've always had a slight problem with my anger, exploding out with no build. And then I'll dwell on the cause and how I acted for days and it really bothers me. The latest time it was a big one. On Saturday, I was out for Halloween with the missus and two friends. My gf got quite drunk and I tried to ring a cab. When the cab turned up she wouldn't move, so I had to pick her up and pull her to the taxi. All of a sudden this guy grabs me and says I assaulted her, something I'd never do. He grabbed me around the throat to which I replied with a punch to the head (to his credit he didn't go down, but damn he had a welt there). I tried to calm the situation down after that but he wouldn't fucking let go of me. Eventually my gf regained enough life to get between us, at which point he swung his hand out and hit my gf in the face. I lost it, luckily my gf was holding me back. I was ready to destroy him. She calmed me down, we got in a cab and got home.Now I'm just constantly thinking what I should have done to really fuck him up, like I want to break this guys knees and watch him scream in pain. I can't break this feeling. I can feel my blood pressure rise, palms go sweaty, I want to regret living by putting him through hell. I can't even think of some cerebral method of that, I just want to see red and rip his heart out.Is there any advice you guys can give to help calm me down? I keep telling myself it's in the past and there is no reason or point to dwell, but I just can't stop. 
Until recently I didn't think I had a problem with anger. I say this because I've never been the type of guy who blows up at someone or tries to start a fight. I've always kept my feelings to myself both positive and negative. I now however feel like I do have a problem with anger; I say this because despite not letting anyone else know that I'm angry, I will stay angry for hours on end simmering silently with a huge knot in my chest. I know that this is unhealthy but haven't figured out a way to combat it.First a little bit of background information. I am 23 years old and still live with my parents. I suppose you could say I'm upset that I'm still at home but I also think that my dad, in his own way, is an extremely emotionally abusive man. He will get angry and yell at me whenever he's having a bad day and it effects my mood. He's a typical Fox News conservative that will constantly bash Obama for hours on end; I personally couldn't give two shits about politics.I'm currently enrolled in college and am trying to ace my classes so that I will be able to transfer to a 4 year university and escape my home. I also work a job to get enough money to save up and buy a car. In the meantime, I am stuck at home dealing with my father, however much I dislike him. I will probably try to get more hours at my job so I don't have to deal with him.My question is, how do I deal with anger that lasts for hours on end and sucks my ability to be happy? Like seriously, I will have a huge knot in my chest as I'm thinking about whatever made me angry. I work out on occasion and practice martial arts both of which seem to do a good job. I've also started meditating recently and that seems to help. I would like all the pointers I can get.
This is my first post to this sub, and addressing this issue within myself.  Hoping to just find other's out there that I can relate to and trade advice with along this ride.When I get angry enough to explode I cannot remember much of anything I say or do.  Over the past 12-15 months a lot of my rage instances have come with alcohol involved.  I've decided it's time to set that aside until I can figure out what is truly bothering me.The issues that arise range from me saying seriously hurtful things to those I care about to being physically destructive.  Recently, I was out and lost control and got into a fight with three guys at a bar.  After the fight I saw it best to punch a wall.  Last weekend my girlfriend and I were at a party, I got upset over something trivial and yelled at her the entire ride home.  I didn't know why she was upset or what I had said the next day until she felt comfortable enough to tell me.  We've been together for over 2 years and known each other for over a decade and she has seen this pattern for some time, so I know it isn't just a 'one time thing'.I've been denying I need to speak to someone for a very long time.  I think I've been more afraid than anything else.I don't want to lose the people I care most about and finally am realizing it is time to address some of my internal issues.Thanks for reading!
Let me paint you a picture: Me, my friend A, and my friend B are all playing ARK: Survival Evolved. For those of you unfamiliar, ARK is DayZ but with dinosaurs that you can tame. Neither of these two had ever seen me actually angry, and I took pride in that.Friend A had left base to gather resources, so friend B and I attempt to tame a mosasaurus. The main tactic for these is to lead it to an underwater cave, where it gets stuck in the entrance and you can tranquilize it. Unfortunately, both our megalodons died a few hours prior, so the only viable water dinos we had were a plesiosaurus and a dolphin.The plan was, we would both head out and look for the mosasaur, with me on the plesiosaurus and her on the dolphin. If I found one, I would lure it by the pre-designated cave, and she would shoot it from inside the cage to pull the agro, since plesiosauruses also. If she found it, she would pull it to the cave herself, and I would tranq it from the outside.I eventually find a mosasaurus, and direct her to find the cave. Suddenly, she can't find it. Know that these caves are marked by bubbles streaming from the entrance, and when the cave itself is unrendered and the ground beneath it is, there is a distinct patch of lighting that doesn't match the surrounding area. This, I thought, made it quite obvious and made me quite frustrated.Then, she and I run out of food. While I bring the mosasaurus in circles, she goes back to base to grab some cooked meat that she'll give me when we reach the cave. Out of frustration, I deliberately ignore the contradiction this has to the plan. I ditch the mosasaurus in a location near the cave and come up to the base, which was nearby. I lead her to the cave. She says, "Oh, I see it," and swims into it. I go back to where I left the mosasaurus.Somehow, even though rare dinos like the mosasaurus aren't supposed to despawn for ages, and also don't wander away from where they are left, the thing was gone.I wasn't terribly angry, just frustrated and seething slightly. Friend B found this pretty funny, which I was okay with. This time she was waiting in the cave, so she could not possibly lose it. Eventually I find another mosasaurus, but it's much farther from the cave. I lure it back like normal.I turn around to let it catch up, and it does, so I keep going. Except, and I dont know if I accidentally press E or if its a glitch or what, Im off my plesiosaurus. The mosasaurus quickly kills me. On me I had my scuba gear, which is a throbbing bitch to make, and fur armor, which is just a regular pain.I start sticking the blame on friend B, which she did not find very funny, and we get in a bit of an argument. Friend A stays out of it, giving occasional updates on what he collected.Lickily, despite plesiosauruses being a tier below mosasauruses, ours kills the mosasaur, since I upped her melee damage to hell. Friend B retrieves my stuff and gives it to me, even though we are still mid-argument.I realize after about 15 minutes we lost literally nothing, and calmed down pretty quickly. Friend B and I are completely fine now, and that remains the only time either of them have seen me angry.Ive had bigger issues associated with anger in the past, but I figured I'd start with little things, since I only just started posting here.
So a few days ago, I made a post (link at the bottom) in r/offmychest and it - quite rightly - got no attention apart from a single downvote. It was basically an irrational, hate-filled rant about the way drivers treat cyclists, and I mainly typed it because I had just been for a ride and, you know, the adrenaline was flowing. I can cope with drivers who pull out on you or ignore you or whatever, but I get furious with the ones who just can't overtake you (or any other slow-moving object for that matter) because they are too scared, it is both annoying and potentially dangerous to me and everyone behind them. (and to be clear - I don't care who disagrees - 95% of the time, you *can* overtake a cyclist even if there is a car coming the other way, roads are more than wide enough, and you shouldn't drive if your judgement is that shit, period). I've become irrationally angry while cycling several times now, normally when someone is dawdling right behind me, I start motioning for them to pass with my hands - sometimes, if I can't take it it, I just pull over and let them pass (swearing loudly and glaring at them). Then of course I get home, I wind down, and I feel like a cunt.Anyway, fast forward to today and I'm trundling along up a hill, being overtaken for the most part, except for when cars come the other way. Enter a middle aged couple (I'd say late 50s, and the dude was driving) in a medium sized car. To be fair to them, they keep a respectful distance rather than sit on my ass, but the road is clear, they should just overtake. Since we're going uphill I am going at about 8 mph, and so is everyone behind me now. I do the usual, motion impatiently for them to pass, give them evils, eventually just stop and get out of their way, give the wife the middle finger... *right* as she waves at me and smiles in thanks. So I'm like "oh shit!" and the car screeches to a halt. I was scared, the husband had obviously seen and was about to get out. Probably shout, probably punch me, and what could I say? I might have been angry but I'm hardly about to call someone a coward and say they don't deserve a driver's license in the middle of a crowded street. It would have sounded/looked stupid, I really did not have a leg to stand on.The good news is that he obviously changed his mind because, after about 10 seconds, the car moved off again. However, this experience has brought home to me that I need to do something about these feelings, preferably *before* a muscular, bearded guy gets out of his van and gives me a black eye.Link to my rant: https://www.reddit.com/r/offmychest/comments/3qtnc5/cowards_of_the_road_get_off_it/
This might be a little petty but our fight awhile ago was pretty damn big! Without further ado, this is the story.So yesterday, I took a lot of photos and I chose the best one to be my new profile picture in Facebook. Today, I changed my profile picture and I put my favorite line from Ariana Grande's new song Focus "And if my real ain't real enough, I'm sorry for you, bae." as the description. I put the line without quotation marks, no musical note, no "by Ariana Grande", etc. Few minutes later, my mom called me and said "What do you mean by your description?" "It's my favorite line from Focus!", I replied. She replied "PUT A MUSICAL NOTE! SO THAT OTHERS WILL KNOW ITS JUST A LINE FROM A SONG AND NOTHING MORE! PUT A  MUSICAL NOTE OR SOMEBODY MIGHT THINK YOU'RE IN LOVE OR YOU'RE FLIRTY! THEY'LL THINK YOU'RE BLA BLA BLA." In my mind, "In love? Flirty? That's not what even the line is about! It's about ignoring your haters! It's about not caring about what others think of what you're doing." So I didn't followed her, because she is so wrong! Few minutes later, she called me again and asked "Have you placed a musical note already?" I replied "No." "Put a musical note, then!" "Ehh, I don't have to. The line is not what you think it is about! It actually applies for me too." She ignored me and went by my side and told me "Put a musical note because somebody might think your in love or your flirty." "Mom, do you even understand what the line is about? The line is about ignoring what others think of you! It's about empowering yourself! It's not about being in love or flirting someone. The line has a good meaning.", I explained to her. Then she freaking yelled at me! "PUT A DAMN MUSICAL NOTE! PUT ONE OR YOU'RE GOING TO DELETE THE WHOLE DESCRIPTION!" So I opened my Facebook without a choice, then changed the previous line into "But if my real ain't real enough then I don't know what is." "There it's better now, right?" I told her. She yelled at me again, this time, very mad, "PUT A MUSICAL NOTE AT THE END! OR PUT A "-by Ariana Grande"! OTHERS MIGHT THINK OF YOU AS FLIRTY! OR BETTER YET DELETE THE WHOLE DESCRIPTION! DON'T TELL ME I DON'T UNDERSTAND WHAT THE LINE IS ABOUT!" Then again, without a choice, I delete the whole description. After, she kept on scolding me about the freakin description. "IS IT HARD TO PUT A  MUSICAL NOTE?! DO YOU KNOW WHY I WANT YOU TO PUT A MUSICAL NOTE?! CAUSE THEY MIGHT THINK YOU'RE FLIRTY!!" Inside my mind, "Yeah, I know. You told me too many times now! IT'S NOT WHAT EVEN THE LINE IS ABOUT. HOW MANY TIMES DO I HAVE TO TELL YOU?" Then she scold me about me being discrespectful. Then after she scold me about me being lazy. Then she told me I wasn't doing my homework awhile ago, that I was just playing Ariana Grande songs. Then I said "I wasn't playing Ariana Grande songs! I was doing my homework." Then she yelled at me, "DON'T LIE TO ME. I HEARD SONGS AWHILE AGO." "No, I didn't! For a proof, you can look at my Internet history. You won't see any YouTube site there! I was just doing my homework!", I said. Then she told me  "I DON'T CARE! I HEARD YOU! DON'T LIE TO ME! DON'T THINK I HAVEN'T HEARD YOU! THERE YOU ARE AGAIN, BEING CRAZY ABOUT ARIANA GRANDE! ARIANA GRANDE!" Then she ranted about how disrespectful am I, that the Internet is a very bad influence to me and Ariana Grande is a bad influence to me. And she even questioned me why I was putting password on my phone! She told me "You were just good at the start! WHY DID YOU PUT PASSWORD ON YOUR PHONE! ARE YOU HIDING SOMETHING FOR ME?! WHY?!" Then I replied, "Because the keypad for when I put the password looks good!" Then she replied back "THEN WHY DON'T YOU GIVE YOUR PASSWORD TO ME?!" "You see the password all the time when I type it!" I said. She replied, "If you still put a password on your phone, YOUR PHONE WILL BE GONE! I'LL CONFISCATE THAT AND YOU'LL BE BACK WITH YOUR OLD PHONE!" Then after that she scolded me about different things now. Minutes later, she scold me more about different things. After a few minutes she stopped. I thought she was done, but I was wrong. "IF YOU KEEP ON NOT FOLLOWING ME, PACK YOUR BAGS AND GET OUT OF THIS HOUSE! AS LONG AS YOUR DAD AND I ARE STILL ALIVE AND YOU HAVE NO JOB, YOU FOLLOW EVERYTHING, EVERYTHING, THAT WE SAY!! DO YOU UNDERSTAND?" Then of course, she ain't done. Still yelled at me. "YOU KNOW WHAT I WANT TO DO NOW? I WANT TO PUNCH YOU REALLY HARD ON YOUR FACE NOW!! ONE MORE TIME, AND I'LL BE THE ONE TO PACK YOUR BAGS AND YOU'LL GET OUT OF THIS HOUSE. YOU DID NOTHING GOOD! YOU'RE JUST 15 AND YOU'RE LIKE THAT?! HOW MUCH MORE WHEN YOU GROW UP?! IF YOU'RE GONE IN THIS HOUSE, I'D BE VERY VERY HAPPY."I don't know but I really really want to cry now because of anger ughh. My day is totally 100% ruined.
I'm a 30(M) living with my Mum due to financial constraints. Been here a year to save money for a house. Hasn't worked so I'm trying to rent somewhere else again.I'm trying to move out as soon as possible because my Mum thinks I'm as sociable and extroverted as she is. She has a lot of people round the house everyday (teaches from home), and has foreign students stay with her.She puts me on a guilt trip because I don't want to meet all her fucking friends and students or sit in on every fucking meal she makes. I just want my own fucking privacy and to be left the fuck alone & chill. I am not a part of her fucking entourage of clients. I shouldn't be made to feel like I have to take part and sit down and listen to fucking tripe from people I'm not fucking interested in, yet there she is saying, "come and say hello to bla bla bla" - FOR FUCK'S SAKE! I've spoken to her about it MILLIONS of times, yet she's thick as fuck (she watches Jeremy Kyle and X Factor) and just doesn't get it.So thanks Mum for putting me in the awkward fucking position of not being able to say "No, I don't want to say hello to someone who has no fucking social value or meaning to me whatsoever" because that will look fucking rude! Now I've got to put on a fucking pretend smiley face! "Hello person I'm never going to see again! Hello, nice to meet you! Yes that's right, I know. We have zero mutual interest in each other. Isn't that swell?! Hahahahahaha! ROFL!"Mum, do what you fucking want. Just don't expect me to get involved! How many fucking times do I have to fucking say it? FUCK OFF & LEAVE ME THE FUCK ALONE, FOR FUCK'S SAKE!!
I have had an ongoing battle with my next door neighbor about his barking dog. The thing wakes me up at three in the morning barking it's ugly head off. I talked to the owner twice. He ignored my requests to bring the dog inside. The other night I rang the doorbell at three in the morning and left a note on the door. The next morning I wake up to a crash right below my window and the fucking loser is cussing me out about the note. I'm in bed, completely indecent and unprepared, so I just scream back at him, and continue threatening him until he goes back into his house. This was about five days ago now and I'm still in one rotten fucking mood. I'm hoping he says something to me again. Being a woman with anger issues is uniquely difficult because people underestimate us. I have a baseball bat in the garage I'm thinking of introducing him to if he wants to pop his mouth off again. 
Just looking for some perspective on something I read today.*"When people show you who they really are, believe them."*Yelling, intimidating, throwing things, pounding your fists and threatening your loved ones is wrong. It's abusive. It's a horrible thing to be put through and to put someone through. I know this, but I have made mistakes that I am doing everything in my power to rectify because I see how destructive I have been.I understand people can be harsh and not so understanding on the internet, but if my SO told people how I have treated him in the past, if he told them how often we use to fight, how explosive it has gotten, they would tell him to leave. I was reading a similar story to my own and someone wrote: "when people show you who they really are, believe them. Get out now, it will only get worse." And it really struck a chord with me.There is an undeniable truth to this statement. If someone breaks your boundaries and you allow them to cross it, they are likely to do it again. But what if you are trying to never, under any circumstances, cross that boundary again?As it stands right now I believe that what I have shown my SO is a part of me that I have let control me, but is not the true me.I understand now that I provide my anger with it's strength. It is a part of me that I created to protect myself when I was younger, but letting it control me has become a danger to myself and those I love so I am stepping back in. My anger is something that can only gain control if I give it control, and I will reserve that right for when it is needed. I also understand that by focusing on my future, and picturing my life and a self-confident and self-assured person is a great motivator to actually getting there. I have also signed up for two therapy sessions a week.Mostly I guess I'm scared that once I get everything on track emotionally, it will surface that my relationship is too damaged from my anger to move forward-or worse; the cause of my anger is my relationship. I guess this is where I need to step in and calm myself down and reassure myself nothing has happened yet. Cross that bridge when you come to it. Keep hope and all will fall into place. Just focus on the next hour and now it'll be okay. Everything will be okay.Thank you for listening. 
I started this past summer, and it has been hard. For someone who's known to yell and curse at an entire class room of his peers and friends over seemingly nothing, it has been a complete up hill battle. I'm extremely scared I might yell at my girlfriend or friends, or worse. I've told my girlfriend about my anger issues and she tries to talk me down if I get mad, or just let me rant about how "stupid this bullshit test is" or what have you. I wasn't quite sure where to go or who to talk to, so I thought I would post this here.

I do 't even know if this is the right place for this since it seems to be a combination of issues, so excuse me if this shoukd be in another sub. Also, I'm using a throwaway account because I am pretty embarassed about this issus.Generally speaking I don't consider myself to be an angry person. I have a short temper and got into some trouble in elementary/primary school but have since adopted a more relaxed attitued. This is why these episodes that I have confuse me so much, and I don't really know if they're an issue but they make me super uncomfortable.I have a nice, loving mom who would never hurt me, but often when she's hugging me I feel, well violated. It's like she steps over my comfort zone - it's especially unpleasant if her face is near my neck, she kisses me on the cheek or her face is too close to mine. When it happens I feel physically ill, I get incredibly angry, my whole body tenses up and I feel this incredibly violent urge to smash her face in. The worst part is feeling like I have to throw up and wanting to scratch my skin off at the same time, it's like I can't be in my body Often I end up throwing things, breaking pens in half, scratching my skin with whatever sharp objects I can find etc.It's a complete mystery to me why I act in this hateful, ragefueled way to something so simple and innocent. I have never in my life experience sexual abuse or assault. Luckily it's a rare occurence, but it leaves me feeling "off" for quite some time afterwards untill I calm down so... If anyone has ever experienced or heard of something similar, I would be really grateful to hear about it.
I have always heard that men get angrier as they age. That messing with middle-age men might be a bad idea because of this (thankfully have a few more years till I qualify for that..early 30's...right...).Do you guys find that you are growing angrier as you get older? I have always had a bad temper and have found that I am indeed getting angrier. This isn't because of life failures or anything. I'm actually really happy with where I'm at in my life. Pretty successful. Have the job I have wanted since I was a kid. My fuse just seems to be getting shorter and I'm having a harder time holding back. I really hope this doesn't continue on. 
I was wondering if you all could recommend any inexpensive anger management classes or support groups in Nyc (ideally Brooklyn or lower Manhattan I.e. Not uptown/midtown).I have been dealing with depression for years and only recently got it diagnosed and serious help(therapy,meds).  lately this depression has embodied itself as anger and violence directed towards myself and loved ones. I need the tools and support to get better. Thanks for all the help.
I can't stand that millions of people still use this nonsensical unit system so I made a rant vlog about it. Hope you understand my struggle as a foreigner in the States now.
There are so many people my anger has effected and hurt. I am at the top of this list. My anger has hurt me more than anyone else in this world and I'm done. There have been so many times I was right and they were wrong but my rage shone stronger than anything else, so ultimately I ended up not only wrong but shame faced and lower than I ever have been. Screaming and hitting myself and slamming tables just to be heard. It's awful. I'm disgusted with myself. I have been so malicious with my words it's a wonder people still talk to me after I'm done with a temper tantrum.  It's a fucking miracle my boyfriend is still by my side. I would have left me ages ago. Recently I did the worst thing I could do and threw something at my significant other with the intention to hurt him. Granted it was a hard boiled egg so it couldn't do that much damage but it was the intent behind it. I lashed out because he wanted to leave the conversation and I didn't want him to.  I lost control of the situation and thought maybe if he stays and listens to me tell him how he's wrong and I'm right, and he agrees I'll feel a little more in control. I abused him physically, on top of emotionally. This is what abuse is. I abused my boyfriend.  I don't think I've ever felt worse or more embarrassed. If our friends and family knew how I treated him they would tell him to leave. He was making me breakfast, he gave me attitude, and I reacted by demanding he explain himself. The look on his face. He was so frightened of me. This man who has over 100 pounds on me. He ran and hid from me and I don't blame him. I love this person. I love him so much, and because of the way I act he is afraid of me. I have made the man I love afraid of me because I can not 1) slow my thoughts down or 2)walk away/let him walk away. I am horrified he'll leave me but in the same breath I wouldn't blame him at all.  Its so ironic that the biggest fear most angry people have is that the people they are angriest with the most will leave them. The way I've been doing things is wrong. I know I have a good heart in me somewhere and I know he loves me because it's there but I can not keep torturing this man who continues to forgive me.  I have take all the steps towards bettering myself. I feel like all I'm ever saying is "I'm so sorry. I am trying so hard to fix this about me. I am so sorry." But do or do not, right? I don't want to be a person who is always aiming to change but never gets there, dragging my poor victims hopes around in the dirt. Small changes are happening, I can feel it and see it, but still the explosions come.  By sheer force of will, I know that I will not allow my emotions to control me anymore. He is my everything. He is worth the therapy, journaling, meditating, inner child worth and Chinese water torture if that's what it takes.  I will do everything I can do change this dark flaw of mine and love myself for who I am. I can not lose this person. He is my best friend (which makes it all the more painful that I made a choice to lose control of myself and physically harm him.) But how do I make it up to him and others? He has forgiven me (because of course he has) and we're okay now but what I did was so horrible. He trusts me and I abuse that trust. How do I show him that I'm serious when all he's been hearing is how I'm *really* trying. It sounds so lame and half-hearted.  I try to remember to calm myself down and sometimes I do, and other times I don't. I have no excuse for my behavior.  I want to grovel at his feet but I don't want to make him comfort me after what I did. How do you make up with someone who you've disappointed repeatedly because of your anger? 
I get really angry over small things that I should be able to brush off. A guy flipped me off a couple days ago for no apparent reason and I wanted to pull a knife on him. Thought about it for days.How can I quickly ignore these things before becoming so angry?
Right now im not a huge fan of my job that was assigned to me ( im in the navy). i do what i can and im ALWAYS in a great mood at first being the morning person that i am. Theres either 2 things that set me off. One is if i miss chow (lunch or dinner) because of work because they take that out of my check for food. Or when someone talks down to me like im stupid, i take it personal and i dont know why. Once i get irrated i start to feed my anger, it feels good to me for some reason. I get some satisfaction by feeding my anger and my way of feeding my anger is i automatically think of scenarios and thinking of what i would do or say. Has anyone ever done that before? What are some things that i could do? I dont blow up on people or that either. Im trying to "let go" my dad struggled with anger for years is it genetic?. My dad told me is that i need to "let it go". Thats what im trying to figure out.
For many of us, I believe there really is a short answer, and ironically, it is the brevity of explanation that is the very essence of the frustration associates with outbursts.Today I got into an argument with my mother about her habit of putting catfood all over the place. We live in south Texas, and roaches are everywhere as it is. Her house stinks terribly, and it's impossible not to get at least nauseated when trying to prepare food in the kitchen - even on a good day. Once you've walked in there past midnight and have seen the roaches *swarming like ants* all over *everything*, them gnawing on cat food in it's place, you never want to set foot in that horrofic scene again, let alone cook a meal or even a plate of food. It hurts even more when you've spent countless hours bleaching the place for 10 minutes before you feel safe enough to eat - every time you go to eat something..Let's go back a little more and talk about how skinny I am. I have a problem and getting excited about food is difficult enough sometimes - particularly lately with this round of debilitating depression, but being assaulted by disgust and revolt while trying to get a sandwich together without some ingredient touching something that cockroaches haven't crawled across in the last 2 hours is just.. I don't know.. hard to explain. Before I even get to the fridge I am seething with anger and I haven't even been awake for 10 minutes.And there we have it. Over the years I've lost my ability to put together a solid argument, backed up with conversational logic, and the kind of quick thinking that can easily defuse a tense situation. I'm older, my cognitive abilities are not what they used to be for an additional number of reasons that I won't go into very deeply here (but you can probably imagine). I'm pretty sure prescription medication, alcohol, and my increasingly malnourished state over the years have exacted thier own majority toll on my ability to stand up for myself at the point in time when it matters most. I, like many people with anger problems, revisit those conversations later, often aloud when alone, saying things I wish I had come up with instead, only to feel stupid and ashamed of myself for a) being angry and b) talking to myself like a lunatic. Things that would have illuminated those dark conversations and bouts of yelling with the light of understanding, rational thought, and maybe even some ettiquette if not sheer grace and class evade us in our time of need and invade our thoughts later.After blowing off some steam by letting my mother know that I was beginning to believe she didn't care about me at all because she insisted on feeding cockroaches instead of allowing her family a clean place to make a sandwich, I sat in the garage, breakfast-less and starving, as the swamping rain fell from hurricane Patricia over the Gulf coast, smoking a cigaratte and blowing my own clouds into the thick, still, and humid air outside. I sat and wondered how on Earth I could have lost my composure so badly, then on such an increasing basis over the years, when not long ago I was paid great money for my wit and ability to thrive under pressure. When I was younger I was even pretty well known for being able to talk people out of a fight. That might have had to do more with my reputation for hurting bigger people very badly, but nonetheless I maintained some pride as a peacekeeper with a cool head. And they say people never change.There I am in this garage, lost in thought, staring at a dead cockroach, and it hits me. A flash through my head from a little gem I found here on Reddit about how a huge number of incarcerated people in the US suffer from lead poisoning. I am familiar enough with what lead poisoning does to people to understand the implications for anger and lack of control, and when the two neurons bridging those regions in my head fired for the first time, I drew a connection between my inability to communicate in a reasonable time frame the sheer amount of crazy emotions that a cockroach today signifies to my psyche. I am not necessarily scared of them, but from where I'm sitting, I need to eat, and when I need to eat badly, it's a matter of blood sugar problems. Having to unnecissarily sterilize the kitchen breakfast, lunch, and dinner, would become a reason to get a little pissed off for anyone eventually.The anger itself is a neurological overload condition, a mode of failure characterized by the inability to communicate a fleeting series feeling or thought constructs that (normally) if explained properly people would get right away and sympathize and begin to remedy the situation. I say usuallly because when one explains themselves once or twice to a person about their feelings on such issues, one begins to expect that the explainee would make mental notes of what has lead up to whatever situation prompted the explaining. In my case, my mother is developing dementia, so explaining things to her does no good. She'll just forget, or pretend she does, which she actually does. She uses this onset of a debilitating disease against her own family to her benefit - in order to justify her hoarding tendencies.In my calm state I could make a list of thoughts, memories, sensasations, associations, and ethical and moral conclusions as products thereof in a comprehensive and comprehendable manner about what I feel when I see a cockroach eating a piece of cat food. It's like a a tranquilized scene from Alice in Wonderland, falling down that rabbit hole in slow motion, picking out pieces of my psyche along the wall, the air around me dotted with all things benign from my past, present, and future.But not when I am angry. When I am angry, it's a jumble, a huge mess, and every piece of imagery is glinting red and trying to hurt me, streaking by with sparks streaming behind it, falling through a volcanic abyss, choking on the fumes of a million mile river of lava. It's like being in hell just long enough to catch my subcutaneous on fire, and when I can't get the words out to describe it in time before I combust, people just assume I've got bigger problems than a cockroach eating a piece of catfood. In reality, although I have an anger problem, in some cases it is clearly justified, albeit childish. It is when my mother drags other people into the convseration and paints a picture of me as a raving lunatic that I start to see a little more than red.Imagine all of the circumstances, those in and beyond my control, that lead this 37 year old man back to his demented mother's house, starving, broke, jobless, and in about as much legal and financial trouble as a person can get in this country. Then throw in the fact that my ex-wife turned out to be a massive hoarder who spent all my hard earned money on garage sales, Amazon.com, Ebay, Craigslist, and a not-so-healthy amount of dick she found on the Internet as well. The kicker: she blackmailed me into signing child support paperwork when I told her I wanted a divorce.Imagine crawling back to the only place you can go and finding it writhing with neglect, your childhood belongings covered in layers of animal waste, your old, sweet, boyhood room turned into a kennel, stinking to high heaven, the carpet 2 inches thick, slick with a waxy coating of chemical odor neutralizers and fresh urine, and all you wanted was a safe place to gather your thoughts, feel loved, and nourish your broken soul only to find out your own mother is squandering your grandfather's retirement on feeding feral animals so they can reproduce wildly all over town. Finding out that your last bastion of hope has turned into your worst nightmare as memories of cockroaches crawling into your open mouth as a child fill your head, your heart, and consume your emotional response inhibitors with the kind of bodily chemicals typically reserved for fighting sabre tooth animals.Discussion becomes more and more fruitless, eventually without being able to get a word in edgewise. As time goes on, the logical fallacies plaguing the brain of a budding schizophrenic dementia patient become too much to wave the logical wand at, and you become victim to yet another person's disease. It's a struggle within our own minds to bring enough words to the surface to even begin to describe what's going on in our heads, but when you have someone *antagonizing you* and *deliberately provoking you* to do something stupid, being in the midst of someone *predating* on your weakness to further their own mentally ill agenda of hoarding, it's just... again, hard to describe.With nowhere to go and no possible way to explain the instantaneous flood of emotions, we explode, and it's not for lack of knowledge that we get upset easy. In dealing with people with anger issues it is of the utmost important to make them aware that you are listening to what they are saying and trying to understand where they are coming from, and in dealing with our own anger it is equally important to make sure the other party understands that we are willing to communicate all of that as long as they aren't a bitter, crazy old cat lady who talks to house plants and breeds cockroaches.

I've been a hothead my whole life. As a kid, I was stubborn, impatient, and liked to pick fights. When I was 13, a little disagreement with a friend ended with his face being badly bruised. My dad gave me a long talk about hurting others, consequences, and controlling myself.And it stuck. Over the past 8 years, I've taken up meditation, gotten frequent exercise, and learned to process my emotions in healthy ways. Serious violent outbursts have gotten less severe and less frequent over time, and since I graduated high school, I haven't had a major problem. My self-control has been a huge source of pride.In the past few months, I've moved into a new apartment for my senior year of college. My roommate, while a good friend, has a habit of shrugging off chores and saddling me with the work, while he leaves disgusting messes. I talk to him openly about it, but I constantly have to remind him to clean things.Meanwhile, I'm stressing about post-graduation plans. I'm completely uninterested in my major and my remaining courses, and have no idea what I'm doing with my life. To top this off, while I was brooding over this, I got in a minor fender-bender the other week.These stressors are obviously affecting me because I'm angry all the time. I'm getting snappy with professors and friends. I get upset when people don't corral their carts at the grocery store. My girlfriend and others have noticed I've become very anti-social.This all came to a head last night. A very aggressive police officer tried to enter my apartment in a way I believed was unlawful. When he threatened to arrest me, I got in his face and called him a coward and a fascist. Before things could escalate, my friend pulled me back and let him go through. I owe this friend big time, but at the time I was angry at him for letting the cop in.I'm scared. I feel like a ticking time bomb around my loved ones. I could do something that harms myself or someone else and I'm not sure what to do about it. Do I need professional help?
It's a simple thought but I frequently employ it when dealing with frustration and fits of anger. Remind yourself of this when your fuming, it might help.  
Sometimes, we don't have a choice. I know. This thread, therefore, isn't about those times.This is about those times when we know we should just ... put it off. Wait. Come back to it. Try harder to see the other side. Ask ourselves if our own approach is somehow at fault. If we've misinterpreted or are unfairly withholding benefit of the doubt. No, I'm lying. But those situations are probably also relevant.This is _really_ -- _I promise this time_ -- about situations where we feel like explaining something is _crucially important and can't wait_ because _oh m'gud everything is on fire._ This is about those times when you know something, or understand and can explain something, that someone else doesn't understand -- and you know, _people **need** to understand this thing now, before the impact of their misunderstanding, kicks in._Say we are literally talking about life or death here.There is a book about the run-up to the Holocaust, called "Night", by a guy who was a young European Jew at the time the Holocaust was starting, Eli Wiesel. (It's been several years since I read this, so I hope I'm getting the details _exactly_ right; apologies if I'm slightly off.) Before the German Jews got rounded up into ghettos (to make it easier to ship them to camps), a "quirky" rabbi came to Eli's town to tell them what he had seen happening in Poland. They didn't listen. His persistence, only got him drummed out of the community. That is my life.And it makes me very angry.And people take advantage of this anger.Some accidentally trigger it, some just like to troll, some are actually paid to do it (to a lot of people, not just me). (I can back that up. Seriously. Just ask.)So some days, these "perfect storms" happen and what flows out of it, is no benefit to anyone. And I lose an entire day fighting the equivalent of an avalanche of sewage.What I want, is to recapture the spiritual fruits of my teenage devotion to my faith, minus the faith. To unpack that, what I mean is, I used to have internal tools that would ritualistically reinforce the specific, explicit lesson: they know not what they do. Love is patient, love is kind. Etc. I would remind those facts to myself every night and often throughout every day, and by doing so, I was always ready to not make such a big deal of all kinds of things. My atheist framework about the universe is entirely compatible with those tools, so I guess I could answer my own question by just praying to the future to please not suck, and promising truthfully to do everything I can to help it not suck, and just generally being the Christlike atheist I intended to become when I quit the faith.So it comes back to choice.I am a tire-spinner in mud. It never feels like a good time to spend enough time, to establish those good habits, really take stock of myself, etc. Best I seem to do is constantly keep sight of the diagnostics, the compass, the direction of my personal winds. So I know when I'm slipping. So if any part of this is a question, and I sure didn't predict myself asking this when I started typing in this box, it's: has anyone who once deeply and successfully relied on faith to keep their shit together, ever made the jump to something similar, very directly 1:1 similar, with success? If so, please talk about it.And if you can relate, please do feel free to also talk about that.EDIT:I guess to make this make a little more sense, I might need to actually reach the conclusion I was headed to, before I realized I had a specific question.Nothing in life really distracts me anymore. I have Seen Too Much and now live at the mouth of madness, and I really feel like I should stay there, warning people away. Unfortunately I'm, too often, effectively, only warning them away _from me_, in their minds... and I even watch a few of them flee from me, _into said mouth of madness._ Truly not good. Anger is just not productive as a mode. I know that. It's a fantastic fuel, though.So another question, the one I did suspect I might find my way to asking, is: does that work? Anger as fuel but not as mode? Scratch that, because I refuse to allow the answer to be 'no.' To those people who have made it work: what works for you? Please elaborate as much as you can.
Where to start?I tend to get upset and angry over things that honestly, don't matter. Such as, traffic. Someone cuts me off and flips me the bird. I get livid. Then if that's happened a few times, by the final time I'm just screaming in my car irrationally. I switched banks, I did not know that if I deposited my paper check (took a week for DD to kick in) they would only deposit like 100$ the next day and the rest in 3 days. I couldn't understand where my money was! I called and she tells me that's "what they do". Well, I had bills to pay and things that money needed to be sorted for. You just messed all of that up. I came into my boyfriends house instantly irritated and yelling and cursing and it was just bad. I get completely irritated when someone constantly interrupts me or asks me to repeat myself. To the point I don't even want to talk anymore. I give up. I used to be really bad; I used to throw things and damage my property and even self harm because I was so upset. I have moved past that. Or if someone makes fun of me and keeps on (even though I do it to them) I get frustrated. Really really frustrated. Even a five year old making faces at me or hitting me with his spoon or saying "just leave her" or being generally rude as a boy sort of it sets me off. I have no idea why. It's like when all this happens I go into almost a black out type of phase. I know it's happening but I just can't control it. I need help. I need advice and feedback. I anyone can offer this, I would appreciate it very much. 
I don't know how to do it. I will say it now, I am a bit of a misanthrope, not like a hardcore one but I do feel it from time to time. I get has a different opinion than me, or if they say something I like sucks, is stupid, retarded etc. and its annoying me. If someone has a different opinion than me then they are either stupid or I am smarter than them for thinking the way I do. I don't like thinking like this because I know people will not always like the same things than me, have the same opinion or anything like that. But, knowing that does not help me.Hell, I even get mad at my own country for not running like countries in Europe with universal healthcare or free college because we equate socialist with communist, or we don't want to be decent human beings helping others less fortune than us get these services ( I probably feel like that because I have social anxiety and I can't afford healthcare or get medicaid because I can't get or hold down a job to pay for those). The worst part though, is that I feel like I don't even want to fix this. I would rather just hate most people and stay away than fix this. Any tips or something that I can use to fix this? 
Sometimes I act like that kid who is forced to see the truth and is embarrassed by it, and again finds something and goes back to doing something stupid.How do I stay clam, and first listen to anyone and think about it and then respond? (I end up ignoring others opinion and not let them speak).What should be my ultimate goal or what should I keep in my mind to value there opinion?I know that my question are my answer, but I always forget to do it. How do I tackle this?On top of that, I give my advice to everyone who doesn't even ask, and people have realized it and they ask me just for entrainment purposes. I don't want to be dumb.Help me.This is making my hair grey. Too young for this, but too old to be making these mistakes.
I already have one child, she's two years old. I get easily frustrated when she doesn't listen and I never hurt her or anything but I jusy get angry and I don't want to feel this way anymore. Especially if I'm going to have another baby and I'm going to be more stressed. I need help. I don't know how to deal with my anger, and ots affecting my relationship with my fiance, and I don't want my kids to have to see me the way I am. My fiance doesn't understand that its something I can't help, he just thinks I'm being a bitch. So he doesn't help, he just argues back and things get worse from there. I've walked out wanting to kill myself so many times. And I guess I am being a bitch most of the time, and I feel shit about it. I get angry or upset about anything and everything. 
Like someone breaking rules in a game (or stealing turns), someone being selfish directly towards you ("i dont feel like i should pay you back"), someone trying to argue their way is the right way whereas multiple ways exist, someone being blatantly sexist or racist, someone criticizing you for something they don't even attempt, and so on.    Usually the thing to do is to walk away or not deal with it, but sometimes these are acquaintances or it wouldn't be possible to walk away.
Most of the time, when i start to get angry, I don't have a problem clamping down on it.  I have social anxiety issues and a combination of instinctive coping and trained techniques for the anxiety do an excellent job and getting my anger under wraps when it pops up.  So, for most circumstances, I usually say "I don't have an anger management problem, I have an anger problem."However, this doesn't work as well when I am fighting.  Martial arts are a major hobby of mine and I get a great deal out of it both physically and mentally.  One of those benefits is I have a spot to dump my anger in a format that doesn't get people hurt for real.  The only problem, is that because my fighting style relies on bringing my anger to the surface and disabling several of my normal controls, it makes it easier for me to lose control over the anger and let it run away from me.Today, I ran into a situation where I felt that someone had stepped outside of our normal rule set (not counting a hit when I thought it should have, resulting in him being still in my face and fighting me when I thought he should be done).  This meant that I had anger building up while I was already in my combat rage and the source of this specific anger in my face.  I lost control and tackled him and put him in a rough neck crank (think a choke, but with the pressure on the other side of the neck).  I don't like losing control like that and I know that there is a serious chance of someone getting hurt if I go too far.  This is not the first time I have lost my temper, and I suspect it will not be the last, but this is the time I have caused the most damage.I don't know if anyone knows of anything I can do to help with this, but I felt like just talking about it would help me at least sort through this problem.
Ok, so last year, on Halloween, I planned a party.  I invited my friends, coordinated foods, invitations, etc.  I also invite one of my friends who lives in the same neighborhood, who I will call John.  The party's going great as we're hanging around the house, until John talks to a bunch of people saying he was going to watch a movie at his house, and wanted to know if anyone was interested.  So, as we're all friends, they follow him, staying for a few hours, after John insists "it would only be a few minutes", leaving me at my house by myself.  Infuriated, I walked to his house to find everyone there, watching a scary movie.  I stayed calm on the outside, and politely asked if everyone would like to come back to my house.  They wanted to finish the movie, and after it was over it was near midnight.  So, concluding that it was too late to continue, I start to say goodbye to everyone.  Then, John says that  they can all stay the night at his place.Fuck you, John.  All you did was grab a bag of chips and Netflix and take all my friends away from me.  I'm only friends with you in the first place because I know if I didn't invite you you would see us and wonder why you weren't invited.  It fucking hurt, and if you try shit like that again, you're done.Now, as Halloween is close to passing again, John walks up to me and says,"So are you hosting the Halloween party this year?"*insert screaming*
Hi, maybe someone here could give some strategy.I have a cousin who is 13. He's going through a rough patch - parents divorcing I guess bitterly, and being given a name by his asshat father that opens him to constant abuse and teasing.  Last night he hit his mom, and I guess it was bad enough that she had to call the cops to get him under control.  After the cops left he aggreed to counciling, but I don't that will help much unless he gets in with someone really exceptional, which is rare. I don't think he much wants to talk right now.I suggested that she get him into a quality martial arts program asap. but beyond that I'm at a loss. As of now there is no responsible man in his life day to day.  I am thousands of miles away from him so am not able to really step in. Any suggestions that might help this kid get a handle on his anger?
I'm new so hello.I've always found people irritating but now I just wish they would all fucking die. Even my family. Depression has made me extremely angry and bitter.I have to put up with constant bitching from my father who constantly reminds how useless and lazy I am, a grandfather who thinks he knows how to run my life for me and is backed up by near enough everyone in my family. They worship the ground he walks on and put me down if I disagree with what he has to say.I have a narcissistic mother who I'm supposed to be no contact with but she keeps trying to butt into my life for reasons she is unaware of. She doesn't know whether or not she wants me back in her life or just to have the last laugh and finally tell me how much she hates me.The people around me are obnoxious, stupid, arrogant, self centered, they don't take anything seriously like they should. They sail through life and don't even notice it and I'm stuck in a rut unable to get out. I just want to be dead. I can't stand people and I can't avoid them forever so death is the only way out isn't it?I can't even control these feelings of fucking rage and hatred I have for everyone and everything.
I went through a very traumatic divorce. I was best friends with the person I married since I was 15. We were together for 12 years (married 6). One day I got the overwhelming feeling that she was cheating on me. I confronted her with no evidence. She admitted to it and that it had been going on for a month. I was destroyed. I doubted my ability to read people and still have big issues with trust and abandonment.I saw a therapist and got over my situational depression and now have only mild depressive episodes that are very manageable. A year ago (about 5 after the divorce) I finally fell in love again. Initially I was fine. I wasn't invested enough apparently?But, the more I fell in love the more jealous and paranoid I was. I've made (I think) progress around this but I still freak out sometimes. The outbursts of anger/rage is negatively impacting my life.These outbursts are almost always related to situations where I interpret my girlfriend's behavior as flirty or expressing affection toward other men. When I'm rational - I know these things are innocent. In fact, they don't bother me most of the time. It's just every once in a while my brain latches onto it and I go from okay to complete adrenaline dump, irrational, crazy anger. I haven't hit her. Haven't wanted to. But I hit walls and furniture. Sometimes I'll say things to her that I regret - that I don't want her around and to get out of the house, etc.I'm seeing a therapist but I want to hear from someone that has experienced this first hand. How do you handle it? How do you keep yourself from going over the edge when the time from zero-to-nuts is just a minute or two?
I have been a very angry person since a young age. I am now a father and cannot continue on the same way. I want to be a happy dad, not a father he won't want to be around, the way I don't want to be around my mom. Here's the incident I am having trouble lettoimg go and m!oving on from. My girlfriend and I live at her parents house with other siblings. Parking can be a hassle. The spots in front of the house usually get taken by the older brother and his girlfriend. When this happens the only other spots are a few houses down which at first was annoying but realizing how a small thing is raising my temper I decided to just deal with it and view it as a little exercise. Fast forward to my son being born. We had a complicated delivery which ended with a c section getting infected resulting in being readmitted. After our second round at the hospital and witnessing my girlfriend having such a distressing time its safe to say I was on edge. When we arrived home I thought that giving what we had gone through that parking in front of the house shouldn't even be a question. I was wrong. The brother and girlfriend found it perfectly acceptable to still claim the same spots and make us still lpark away from the house. I always try to be reasonable and diplomatic. I confronted the two asking if while my girlfriend heals for the next few weeks if we could not have to fight for the parking. Their response was that since we both have 2 cars each that we each get one I'm front of the house. If this were a time where the current circumstances werent happening I would have agreed, but we'd only be using my car and my girlfriends dad wanted her car in front of the house so it was visible while not in use. I had to walk away from the confrontation because I could not believe I had to make a case to these two that we should have a little help. So I walked away. The next day I catch the brothers girlfriend and just say to her that the logic of having 2 cars each doesn't apply when my girlfriend has a gash in her stomach that is down to her organs. Rather then agree she literally threw her hand in the air as if I were physically attacking her sayign alright alright just so I would stop talking to her. I was being confused that this well bodied individual with no health problems is going to make it hard for us at this exact point in time The next day the older brother confronts me as if I sexually assaulted his girlfriend by asking for the parking spots. He threatens me saying he's been thinking crazy thoughts all day, doesn't care if this ends our friendship, and that he spoke to his dad about it and the one car rule stays in effect. That I have to continue to park down the block so my girlfriend can park in front even though we're not using her car and that k have to pull up to the house everytime to help her get in becuase he likes his parking spot and wants to be able to work on his car when he wants. Since he seemed ready to fight over this I just agreed. Confused by why he wouldn't want to make things for his sister I asked him was what I did disrespectful by asking for a little help and he comes back with any illogical reason to justify his umjust stance on the matter. I can only imagine what the brothers girlfriend told him I said that would have gotten him that upset with me. I didn't raise my voice II didn't curse I asked them both politely as possible yet now I'm one step away from a fight. It's now months later and I have this intense hatred boiling inside of me everytime I see either one of them. I hate them with a passion. I never really got along with them so I just chose to not interact with them. But after seeing their true colors after asking for some help I can't help but want to verbally lash out at them after every word that comes out of their mouth. I realize I won't be living with them forever but I will have to see them on the future because of family gatherings. What's a guy to do. I am a diplomatic person but I am completely confused and enraged at how things transpired and I don't know how to handle it so I don't feel like I'm about to pop anymore. Please help
I have mostly gotten my anger issues under control yet this phrase still upsets me.I find myself saying it to myself. Others seems to say it to me if not directly it is the sentiment they give me. I have recently changed as a person. I know longer become angry, I feel anger and I deal with it so it doesn't affect my actions. Yet right as I'm getting to this new, better, stronger, stage of life I have suddenly started to lose people. "Too little too late."
I'm in a college algebra course and like an idiot I forgot to the online section until the last minute. It wasn't so bad last time. I can't think straight right now and I've got that feeling where you think too quick but I'm thinking slow. I keep ripping papers and breaking pencils.
So I just failed a quiz for linear algebra. There were two questions. I'm guessing I got a 0/10 because the professor picked the hardest proof problems which I didn't know how to do. I literally spent 8 hours a day on Monday and Tuesday studying the questions from the book in order to prepare. All my hard work wasted because this asshole professor decided that it would be a good idea to give advanced proof problems to an introductory linear algebra class. I'm guessing that 90 percent of the class failed. Even some of the smartest students were struggling during the quiz. And as you can expect, my anxiety and depression started acting up. I felt stupid, worthless and useless. After the quiz I was angry and I slammed the door when exiting the building. No one was around me, but I'm sure I was recorded on video surveillance. Sometimes professors need to understand that we are not all geniuses. I'm just doing math as a minor to supplement my useless sociology degree. Maybe some employer will see that I have a math minor and take pity on me and hire me. Not going to happen, I guess. Im temped to write an anonymous email to the professor telling him that his teaching is terrible and that he is not helping anyone learn. He is just trying to make everyone fail. What, does he expect us to be fluent in writing proofs. Intro to proofs is not a prerequisite for this class. He needs to understand that this is the first time many of us are being exposed to linear algebra. Also, the vast majority of us are not math majors. Don't fucking test us on writing abstract proofs when many of us are struggling with the basic concepts. 
I don't know where to post this.  It seems like any time I let a little of my emotions out I get downvoted, banned, insulted, or otherwise silenced.  I was bullied in middle school.  I'm in my mid-twenties now, but it still bothers me.  Today I found out on Facebook that one of my old bullies has cancer.  It's really, really bad.  He's the same age as me, and he's terminal.  I know the correct reaction to this discovery is to put old grudges aside and feel bad for the guy, but to be honest, I'm glad.  Cancer couldn't happen to a more deserving guy.  I wish I could watch him shrivel up and die.  I wish I could tell him how happy his dying has made me.  I know you all probably think I'm a terrible human being, and I guess I am, but you know what?  I wasn't like this before him.  I wasn't like this before he went out of his way to hurt me for two entire years of my life.  Before he hounded me.  Mocked me.  Dehumanized me.  Beat me.  I wasn't a hateful, vengeful person.  HE MADE ME THIS WAY!   FUCK HIM!  Now, if you'll excuse me, I'm going to try to get the address to his hospital and write him a letter.  Maybe if I write it in a Hallmark card no one will intercept it.  I have a lot of anger to get off my chest.  Maybe I can make his suffering just that little bit worse before it's over.  

Usually I chew on my necklace but today I chewed on my headphones and snapped them.I guess it's better than lashing out but idk
I'm failing my classes, I hate my teachers, and even when I study for a test I still fail. When I do corrections or a re -do,  I still fail. I have a hard time starting the work and just get caught up in what I would like to do to the teacher. Ex: "Shoot him/her, Snap his/her neck" etc. Please help.
I grew up with a dad with intense anger issues. He abused me emotionally and verbally for most of my life; it wasn't until the past year that I realized how much of my depression and self-hatred came from him. I also suspect I may have been sexually abused due to some vague memories I have, but I can't prove anything. I was also very isolated growing up, and experienced a lot of manipulation and emotional abuse from a couple relationships I was in as a teenager. Finally, my husband comes from a very narcissistic family, and certain in-laws have succeeded in bullying me and making me feel like shit as well.The problem is, now I'm becoming everything I hate. My temper is destroying my relationship, and it kills me. My husband isn't perfect either, but I fly off the handle at the slightest provocation and it makes it impossible for us to have a real conversation about any of our issues. I love him, but I keep hurting him. Feeling unheard and/or misunderstood is a huge trigger for me, and I turn into a screaming ball of rage whenever I feel that way. Problem is, I'm so conditioned to feel that way at this point that it doesn't take much.My husband is a really wonderful guy, and I know he cares about me a lot. But I've made his life a living hell, and I can't help but feel like he would be better off without me. I've screamed in his face that I hate him, that I want a divorce, that he's a fucking asshole, all these terrible things that I just can't believe I said. Afterward, when I've calmed down, I just can't stop playing in my head a tape of all the awful, awful things I said and did. I can hear my dad coming out in me and it makes me hate myself. I barely feel like life is worth living anymore, and the truth is, I would rather die than keep hurting the people I love like this. I don't even feel like I can show my face in public anymore. We live in a duplex, and I know the couple that lives next door has heard me screaming, so they know just how fucked in the head I am. I can't even begin to imagine what they must think about me.I just want to disappear. I would give literally anything to be able to go back and undo all the stupid, hurtful things I've said and done, but I can't. My husband may forgive me, but I can't ever forgive myself, and I know if I can't manage to change things, one day he won't be able to forgive me anymore. It kills me to think about how much I've hurt and traumatized him. He told me today that he never felt loved growing up and now he doesn't even know for sure whether or not I love him, which absolutely broke my heart. I'm too much of a pussy to kill myself, but I really do think he'd be better off without me. I've even contemplated leaving, just running away and not coming back, keeping myself away from him so I can't scream at him and tear him down the way I always seem to end up doing. It seems like the only way I could really prove that I love him, at this point. To just remove myself from his life entirely.I don't really know what I'm hoping to achieve by posting this. I just wanted to vent. I don't know what to do with myself anymore. My inability to control my temper has turned me into everything I hate and it's destroying the people I love. It's destroying my life.
I feel like really easy to make a fool out of, mislead and gullible. It makes me mad when someone is successful in doing so. I want to improve, but I get ready for the situation and at first it seems like its going pretty well, only moments later I realize that I have done it again. It just makes me really mad and I end up saying something to the ones who actually care about me. How should I tackle this?
I've been noticing that anything and everything has been making me angry. I wasn't like this up until the last few years or so. (inb4 ur womyn hormones are at fault) I've always been an emotional person but rather then actually physically doing something about it I've been bottling it up. Partly because I'm against violence and also because it's just not in my nature to rage at people. I think the most worrying thing is that I can literally feel myself getting ready to lose my shit even when I know that's not the *smart* thing to do. I guess I should also point out I've been bullied for 90% of my life and deal with really shitty racist people on a semi-regular basis. That being said I really need to find some middle ground on this because I don't like feeling this way so often. It's changed my personality and I can't stand it. I go quite literally from 0 to 100 if someone is rude to me...I'm in college, I can't exactly do that.Do any of you have some insight on what the hell I should do at this point? 
Without going into too much detail, I work for a company that is subcontracted out by local schools to work with special needs kids. I've been on a really tough case since school started and today I was kicked in the face so hard by my student that I broke a filling in a tooth. This is the final straw in what has been a month and a half of daily beatings.  I finished my shift and let the head of the class know that I would be requesting a transfer off of this case asap.   Transfers are usually fulfilled quickly and so I wanted to let her know just in case I wasn't there on Monday. (the school is closed the rest of the week) I shook her hand and said, "Just in case I'm not back again, it was nice to meet you and best of luck." During the 20 minute drive home she called my boss and told her I quit with no notice. I went straight home to file for a transfer and had a message waiting from my boss asking why I quit and walked out. I explained what happened to her and I'm very grateful that my boss is a reasonable and level headed person. I had waited until my shift was over. I was cordial. The teacher tried to make me look bad and I could just punch her in the face. I am furious. She has been trying to make me look bad all year. I hit my limit today. So now, if the transfer takes a few extra days I have to go back to that classroom and deal with her face to face. I can't help but seethe.  I have multitudes of patience for the disabled kids I work with, but this woman has made me furious. Thanks for listening.
Yeah, I'm mad, yeah, I'm broken once again. But this is different, this time is not me who has to take action. As I was leaving your house that night, I felt really Ill. I felt like something inside of me was gone missing and it wasn't you. 18 months I was there for you, when I made a mistake, I apologized and looked for closure. But not this time. I am just venting to let it all out, since you act so cowardly that couldn't even reply. I made changes and I did it for the sake of the relationship. Same things that you kept doing all the time, like looking at your phone all the time. Like not trying to work things out. Like many little details you didn't or wanted to change.I was there for you when you felt like if the world WS acting against you, when you had a bad day at work or even when things weren't great at home. But when it was about us, why you couldn't move a finger? Why you had to see me in pieces to do something about it? And it wasn't even to fix things.That's upsetting, to know that you could just brush things off when it was about you and not moving a finger when it was you. But life comes around and you get what you put in. I wish you the best though. The timer is reaching zero and there's a lot to do.I didn't go out with my friends every weekend without you there. I didn't drink. Not even talk about a strip club or cheating. You got mad because I fell asleep after waking up at 4:15 6 days out of the week. Damn! Talk about issues, huh?But now know you became the ex. The one that someone will ask me who you are and I'll answer. Someone from my past
I remember once in a professional context a guy told me he was very angry, and I laughed at him because I couldn't believe it. To me, anger is expressed by raging. If you're calm, you couldn't be angry. He told me I didn't have much empathy. Yeah, I can be very clueless about what I or anyone else is feeling. I have since learned and continue to improve on that. But I am comfortable with people raging. It's like a frenzied animal. You stand back, and when they calm down you reach out. Now I can express my anger more calmly, but in a whispery tone that personally I would find scarier than rageing, because it's unfamiliar.  My husband is "impressed" when I did something other than raging.  Guess he hasn't seen to many psycho killer movies where they have it under "control" like that right before they go completely bonkers.  Anyway, I would like to be like the first guy in my anecdote, or like one of the buddhist masters like Thich Nhat Hanh or Dalai Lama.  TNH had lots to be angry about, because he's from Vietnam and lived through the Vietnam War involving the USA. He's talked about it and written a book on anger.TLDR: So which forms of anger expression do you experience as  frightening/hurtful?
Growing up I had a lot of anger issues. From age 10 and onward I basically stopped talking to my family. Every day was "fine" if they asked,  and that was it, but inside I was a mess. Bullied due to my height, rosey cheeks, weight, whatever, it was constant. Kept to myself and played videogames all the time when not in school.I'm 31 years old and have been in an amazing relationship with Mary. She's not like the other girls. She moved from Iran to California 8 years ago, didn't know one word of english. Now she's working on her PhD. We met in school, fell for each other and have lived together for almost 3 years. She loves me more than anything, and it came out of nowhere.Her parents fought a lot when her and her brother were growing up. So much so that they promised each other at a very young age to never, ever be like that. They're very close and practically raised themselves. Somehow, they're these perfectly functioning super-people that can do anything.Then there's me. I get angry a lot in traffic. Over the last couple years I've been able to drop a lot of my anger baggage. I work out every day, don't drink or do drugs, and try to have kindness be the first thing on my mind. That all goes by the wayside when California people drive like California people. I won't go into detail. Too many bad memories.I used to give Mary rides from campus to our apartment during her undergrad. Sometimes she would take a while to get to my car and I would get angry. No way I'm gonna yell at her so I bottle it up, which she figured out pretty quickly, tries to get me to stop doing that. Its hard to undo 30 years of being fucked up. I make some successes. Can't figure out how to talk my problems out when the anger just hits you in a second. Its blinding, it truly is. I try anyway. At some point she tells me that me blowing up at her will end our relationship. I promise and swear up and down that I'll do better, but I could already see the writing on the wall - "You're already too far gone. You can't function in society. Crowded grocery stores give you panic attacks. You can't treat the one person, the only fucking person in the world who treats you like an angel, like a loving partner should."We moved into a new apartment two weeks ago. I'm unfamiliar with the neighborhood, but was going to pick her up. She tells me how to get there but I need to use my phone's gps or I'm screwed. I'm notoriously bad with directions and getting lost. Anyway, it's dark, I can't read the road signs and she calls me up right when a person began driving aggressively behind me. Earlier after work someone ran a red light and almost hit me. Young kid, expensive car, dgaf attitude. Traffic was also really bad on my hour commute home. So when she called I automatically presume it's because she wants to chastise me for taking a long time. I couldn't stop due to guy behind me so I'm already going the wrong way. When I answered she asks "where are you?" And i kinda yell "its only been two minutes ill call you when im there!"As she explained later, she only wanted to know which way to start walking so that we could meet each other part way. She ended up walking home without getting a ride from me and not speaking to me except to say I need to stay somewhere else for a couple nights. It is night one currently, and I am miserable. I am sitting on a bad air mattress in an empty apartment typing this on a phone thats about to die because i didnt bring a charger.If I had calmed down before hand, this wouldnt have happened. If I hadnt spent the whole commute home thinking about the guy that cut me off and how badly I wanted to ram his car, maybe this wouldve been avoided. If i had reached out for help earlier, maybe id be in bed with my angel. Maybe shell take me back, or maybe we both have to think about how we're going to start over, separately. Fuck. 
I've always had a very short temper. Mainly with my mother. I seem to usually keep it together around other people aside from my family. Usually it doesn't start to show unless I'm more comfortable with you. At work I can keep it together pretty easily, in public if someone's being an ass I can look past it. At home though, I'll tell you right away if I think somethings bullshit. Lately I've lost my cool around my girlfriend and I always feel like shit about it. It's never at her, it's usually at something I can't control or anything. Our phone service keeps dropping, when we're talking on the phone and it really frustrates me to no extent. Today, we were talking on the phone and we started to get a poor connection and she couldn't hear me all the time. Now I'm getting angry. I'm thinking this is bullshit and it needs to stop. I'm not paying for phone service to be shit and this always happens. She still can't hear me, and I'm still getting more and more frustrated. now I just want to throw the phone, but that's a dumb idea. I've got to let it out somehow so I scream "GOD DAMNIT, WHY THE FUCK WONT THIS SHIT WORK!" and I hear faintly from the phone "well I heard that.." Then my heart sinks down and I feel like shit. That's not something I want her to hear or see, or experience. I know I won't ever be like that at her, but I suppose I'll never know. how do you deal with it? how do you keep your cool when you just can't? I don't think I'm bad enough to need help, but I need to figure something out. 
I've struggled with anger issues ever since I can remember. In elementary and middle school I would be sent to ISS (in-school-suspension) every other week. In high school I realized I wouldnt be able to walk at my graduation if I was always in trouble, so I managed to keep a lid on it at school. However, at home and with my then boyfriend, I struggled with severe anger issues. He put me in a terrible mood and his abuse made me feel utterly useless and with the inability to control anything; this led to me lashing out in whatever way possible. That relationship ended, and I'm now with my current SO. These past few months, the anger has been replaced with depression and anxiety so I haven't been too swept up in bouts of anger. However I have been extremely stressed these past few weeks; a full in-class schedule has me socially exhausted (I'm used to online courses) and my SO and I have been living with eachother for the past month. Ill snip and snap at him and my moods shift with ease. He's tired of it, I'm tired of it.Then tonight, I said something that made him ultimately terrified of me. Before this, I would call him terrible names and say awful, shitty things, repeating the abuse that my ex would say to me. I of course never meant any of them. I just wanted him to understand how I was feeling, but I did it in a terrible way. So, tonight, my anger was at an all time high, and I was screeching and crying, and I said something awful. I'm a terrible girlfriend and person. Im embarrassed to present this to the sub, but I don't know what else to do. I just want help. I want to know how I can fix my issues so this doesn't happen again, to anybody. Ive been dealing with anger for years and tonight made me realize how detrimental it can be.
My stepfather molested me growing up. I told my mom when I was 20 because she couldn't understand why I was insisting on a lock for my door. She kicked him out for three days, and let me know that they got back together by coming with him and my 6-year old brother (his son) into the ice cream shop where I was working that summer - just one big happy family.I didn't have relationships, couldn't let anyone near me; graduated Cornell and moved to a different city for two years. I rebuilt my life. I'm very physically attractive (or was - also, female, straight), smart enough, could be charming. I got into a T14 law school. Without my family there, I changed EVERYTHING about my life and who I was, and things were good. It didn't feel like I reinvented myself - it felt like I was me, living the life I was meant to live.I quit my job, was going to travel Europe with my best friend over the summer - but she got a last-minute promotion at work, her job being finance she couldn't go anymore - she had to stay and impress the bossess. My mom has a bussiness, I needed a place to stay - I thought it would be okay for a few months. I hate myself for going back there a little, but it seemed removed enough - and how unfair is it that the stupidest dembest thing I ever did for myself was come home.My mom is kinda a crazy bitch, she has a temper. I told myself I would just be the perfect guest not to piss her off - before I went to bed every night I walked through the corridors to make sure nothing was out of place, everything was perfectly neat. It was just for three months, I just didn't want to upset her. I did everything she asked, because this was the last few months I would be under her control.The shower door broke. It was one of those sliding glass ones. I called her, told her about it - she told me to call my stepfather and tell him to fix it. I told her to do it. She said no, she was in a fight with him. SHE TRIED TO MAKE ME CALL THE MAN WHO MOLESTED ME BECAUSE SHE WAS IN A FIGHT WITH HER LOVER. MY OWN MOTHER. My mother who I looked up to like you look up to the sun when I was a little girl.I said no, she said you are gonna do this. I was in this little box, just agreeing to every request for two months to appease her, and I cracked. I just about lost my mind, I was the crazy person talking to herself on the train because I was so mad I couldn't breath. I moved out and stayed at my best friend's place for two weeks. It was too late; the damage was done. I heard voices once, the bed and the room was spinning while I was just lying down.Its a year later. I didn't get a job in law, I slept with the school jackass and had to deal with everyone looking at me like some poor pathetic puppy (law school is a lot like high school it turns out; and I know word got out because mutiple people came up to me and shared their opinions to my face), I dated a guy who was such shit he didn't want to tell me I was pretty because he didn't want me to think I was worth something and then expect something from him. I hate everything. For that brief time in DC before my mother took everything away, I was confident, I was great, I was sociable, popular, admired. And now everything is shit. I had to leave law school orientation because I had a panic attack. Because my own mother gave me no more consideration than one would give a kleenex tissue - for no reason, my own mother. What a monster.I have nothing in my life now and I am so angry I can't breathe. Things were good, and she reduced me to this. Just wanted to share. So, so mad. How could this happen. And why.
I'm going through a break up again. We took a month and a half break and tried working it out. My short temper has caused issues in the relationship. This is the second guy I've dated that has called me out on my short temper and just being easily mad over little things.I'm tired of fighting with people I care about.Has anyone tried Meditation? How has it worked for you?
My anger and irritation is... irritating. I just find being happy harder and harder, and once I get mad at something I can't stop, breathe, and let it go away. It's like a cramp, I just have to wait it out. I don't like my anger, but it's a part of my personality. I read something one time that anger isn't something that goes away, but something you have to throw away, but I both do and don't want to. It's cumbersome and stressful, but it's also part of who I am. Sometimes I just want to abandon my job and my dreams, get a bicycle, and go out west or north or something and not talk to anyone, because I feel that it's the only way I will ever find peace. People make me angry, and once I get angry I can't stop, so the best way to not be angry and not have to fundamentally change who I am would be to just... go away from people. A tree won't judge me if I yell, a rock won't scold me if I throw it. I just... I try my best to play by the established rules of society, I'm honestly a nice person, and I don't want any harm to come to anybody, but when that kindness isn't returned, which it very rarely is, I just get so steamed! And then when people react as people do, fighting fire with fire, meeting my aggression with aggression, it makes me even more angry because my anger was more of just trying to express myself and let people know what I feel hoping that someone will take pity on me rather than starting a fight. "How dare they!?" I think. "Surely I'm not the first person ever to become disgruntled at something or someone else, why are they acting like I'm some sort of super villain!? Do they just expect me to be nice and polite forever what with all the shit they constantly throw at me?!?" And then voila, you have a hurricane of smashing stuff and yelling and sulking afterwards.I suppose I'm writing this to just try and express my anger in a more functional way, heh. I'm an artist, but when I get mad I can't calm down and sit down to draw or paint to express it, and nobody ever seems to want to talk to me about my anger without yelling right back at me, so a place like this full of people who have similar problems that I can relate to is... calming, I suppose, since my main problem is just not being able to find someone else who... gets it. I feel like the Hulk walking around in a world full of china dolls, smiles always painted upon their delicate, breakable faces, utterly alone in my frustration, yet every time I get fed up and try to smash a doll, they all turn into other Hulks and gang up on me, then turn back into dolls, their hypocritical, patronizing smiles returning once I am bloodied and beaten.This has already helped, and I feel much better after typing this. But, like, still, can anybody else here relate to this particular style of anger at all? Knowing someone else has this would just... really, really help me. Thank you for listening, have a nice day. I truly mean it.
I was talking to a friend who has anger problems. I do not have anger problems, I'm just trying to understand someone who does. I said, "there is a line that you will not cross. You will not kill someone, even if you are very angry at them. You've never done that, hopefully you never will do that."Then I asked the question, "why don't you use that same line for other things that are inappropriate, like angry swearing or throwing things or other outbursts? Surely you have the self-control to not murder anybody. Why not use that exact same self-control to *not* do some of these other things?"He said, "fuck you" but I don't really understand why.
The title of this thread will probably have given you an idea towards my situation and the things i want to talk about in this thread. When i was a young lad in kindergarten at 4 years old i was always a quiet kid who preferred to keep to myself and not talk with new people. I was usually the quiet shy guy in class who was socially awkward and wanted to keep to myself, these characteristics have been a part of me for the rest of my life. In the following years of growing up and attending public school, i tried to avoid attention from other people in the class because i was an introvert. The strange thing about middle/high school is that herd dynamics similar to what we see in the animal kingdom start to kick in, the weak males are marked and stepped on by the stronger males. So yeah...although this is embarrassing to talk about and admit, i was bullied and taken advantage off for being meek and timid(sounds like the classic setup for a high school shooting eh?). But no, i promise i do not resemble the typical violent and spiteful teenager in any way, so let me describe how the next many years of growing up went. I was a normal teenager who could make friends and defuse hostilities when they erupted with other boys. I was still a quiet and shy person who despite being insulted/bullied by others at times was always peaceable and willing to step back to avoid conflict because i had a very pacifist nature. My family was kind and loving towards me, I was never in any suicidal or "emo" stages during my teens and i had a strong moral upbringing. I had never gotten into a fight but i was depressed at times because there seemed to be people being mean to me for nothing all my life in school. It did not effect my personality negatively however, i learned empathy and to show kindness to strangers because of the pain or oppression they might have been going through. I learned not to judge people although everyone thought they were weird because they could genuinely be nice like me. This allowed me to make some good friends who i remain in contact with to this day many years after high school. How i had coped with years of being insulted and having nasty things done to me(nothing serious has happened) i don't know but i believe i had alot of negative pent up energy building up inside me.I am 21 years old today and have never gotten into trouble with the law or done anything illegal from the result of a fight. I have hobbies, friends, i enjoy humor and music and am generally well adjusted to society. There are days when i think back about my school days, that the reason i never stood up for myself was because i was a skinny weak guy who could not hit my bullies back as a kid. I was insecure about my body years ago so i endeavored to get into shape. Today i am considerably much stronger strong at 6 feet and 170 pounds as a result of regular sports/exercise and a good diet(i became a bit of a health nut). I learn martial arts and keep my body in workout with weights frequently.This might have caused a rise in my testosterone levels, i don't know, but this is where my problem with anger start. I have never had this problem my entire life, but now i fantasize about getting revenge on people who have bullied me over the years when i was a defenseless kid who just wanted to keep to myself. I never turned to violence because my morals always taught me to be peaceful and kind, but as i matured i ask myself "when am i in the right to hit back at somebody?" "if someone tells me to fuck off because he wanted my space, do i have the right to be belligerent and prompt aggression?" "what are my rights exactly?" This has almost made me what you can call paranoid, that people might be taking advantage of me because i am not a very assertive person. I know i will get in trouble with the law if i stab somebody who started it first with a pencil or just got into a fight with, the police will get involved and we would probably get jail time for a scuffle. I would never mistreat or bully another person even if i was in the position to do so because i see it as wrong, but my morals have changed where i dont there being anything wrong if i fight back when someone tries to bully or mistreat me. So this must be the result of all that negative energy building up in me over the years turning me into something ugly on the inside, then i fantasize about beating all the people who bullied me when i was a kid when they deserved it.I am a person with strong self control and a highly analytical mind, so of course not getting into trouble with the law and swallowing the humble pill would seem like a no brainer(the guy who poured the beer on Henry Cavil's face in Man of steel). But i know if that if i snap and i can feel at times that i am going to snap, i just might end up bloodying another person's face against my knuckles(well palms as they teach you to hit with your palms in a street fight). When do i say that i am a human being worthy of respect and dignity like everyone else that defusing the situation matters less. I have self control, alot of it, but when is it the right thing to do to stand down even when i am not at fault in a conflict. And when is it right for me to hit a person back for being insulting or antagonistic to me for my quiet and friendly nature, and how far?Thank you for reading my story.
And while people are also awesome, I don't make as much time for that, by far. I am an aging adult who is still quite young inside -- very energetic and idealistic and scholastic. I have over-educated problems. I have narcissistic family problems (the whole family). I was raised Christian and wanted to be a priest because priests are supposed to make it their job to help people, and remind others to help people. I quit Christianity and became an atheist because I could tell by age 13 that American Christians are, by-and-large, the most anti-human people on earth.And so you can already see it creeping in. In person I attract many types of people, but since the look on my face always says "yeah what" or some nearby level of defcon, they assume I'm barking for a fight instead of a rally. In other words, and I really want to be clear that I am saying this both with a very straight face because it is true, and also with a very straight face because it is the exactly-very-obviously-problematic problem I know you all see it to be: *I would get off on a good foot with more people, if so many people didn't suck, as to make me assume the stance of extremely experienced readiness for someone to start some shit with me, because they will, whether I'm asking for it or not.*However, this means that, to the eyes of that rare person I'd like to know, I suck. I am angry at the drop of a hat due to constant suspicion of others' motives and I am way past caring about whole swaths of folk as a result (and if I were to generalize those types of people I would go with "middle-class or middle-class-wannabe white American Christians" ... so, like, everybody I ever encounter, ever). A president once said, of the people his business buddies were about to slaughter wholesale over some lies, "you're either with us, or them" -- and while I made the obvious moral choice at the time, of being that guy who wouldn't sieg heil, I've gotten so angry about it that I'm now saying to people, "you're either with us, or with them" if they aren't willing to start rallying the revolution full time.And I would love to just cool the eff off, make my neighbors some cheap rice and beans, as an excuse to make it all happen, just by talking about the things everybody can agree with (Bernie's 12 points for example) ...But we are now on Year frickin 39 of this crap and my brain is conditioned to expect a fight. Science recently learned that having a childhood like mine, causes a unique form of PTSD, which gets into your goddamned DNA. Sounds about right.I need strategies and tactics. I need mantras. I'm already developing them myself but I'd love to hear from anyone who has decided that the only way out is through, and feels they have become functional but kept their fidelity in the process, AND come out of it more of a lover than when they were stuck.EDIT: Since I'm sure some of you think I'm full of shit because of the PTSD comment:http://healthland.time.com/2013/04/30/abused-children-may-get-different-form-of-ptsd/
I am on a cocktail of drugs but I have PTSD so I'm pretty much stuck. Lately, (since June) I have been getting bouts of almost blind rage after experiencing exhausting anxiety and panic attacks that I really have no clue where they come from and are barely touched by guided meditation, legal drugs, and my hobbies. I have been to two doctors with complaints that I'm really scared I will seriously injure someone who steps on my toes like some bad driver or someone bumping into me in a store. Both said nothing was wrong, which lead to a yelling match and me running out crying because that's the only way I can prevent full-on rage. It's getting harder to control though. It wrecks me to be so angry at friends and family. I know if I come out with "I get so mad I could hurt people and then it causes emotional pain" I'd be locked up in the funny farm again. I also know I have signs of hormonal imbalance but I can't get a doctor to test for it. All of this not knowing what to do is making me angry too, because I have heart problems from the PTSD and I know it's gotta be taking a toll on my heart.What I am really wondering is how can I frame my problem so my doctor or therapist will take it seriously but not assume I'm homicidal? If you have any management tips, that would be cool too.
I have a beautiful 11 month old son that I absolutely adore. He was born two months premature because I had preeclampsia. That was such a scary time and it made me that much more appreciative of him. He's healthy and precious and very clingy to me which is so sweet but also keeps me on a short leash. I can't do much of anything (chores, eat) without him wanting to nurse, even when he's not hungry. As if the constant whining, crying, and refusing to sleep weren't enough, he's started biting my nipples during feeds, which sends me into this uncontrollable rage. I (hope) I could never hurt him but the pain makes me want to hit SOMETHING so I end up smacking myself in the face. His constant cry is so nagging and keeps me in such a heightened state of anxiety that the next small thing causes me to yell, curse, slam things. I honestly can't believe my husband has put up with my tantrums for so long, and that he trusts me to stay home with our son. I feel so embarrassed and guilty after each episode and I wish I could calm myself down but in the moment it consumes me. 
I got out of a 10 month relationship just recently, like a week ago. We were going through an insanely rough patch of breaking up and getting back together for a month. At one point when we were together briefly, he mentioned how a coworker of ours (we also worked together for a bit before we broke up) had said she thinks that my boyfriend was settling for me. That infuriated me. I was so offended that this coworker said something like that. I vented that to him, said, "What the fuck? What a goddamn bitch." and other stuff. He didn't say he disagreed, he tried to get me to calm down but did it in a horrible way, saying, "Look at what you're getting upset about. This is stupid. Stop it." and I finally asked, "well what do you think about that?" and he fucking said, "I don't think it's a big deal, I kinda think of that as a compliment." I just felt so shitty at that but I knew he was going to get more irritated at me the more I vented at how upset I was so I decided to go to sleep. He calls me fifteen minutes later, says we should break up again because of whatever bullshit. That happened a couple weeks ago. We broke up for good last week, and I'm still dealing with how shitty it is. I thought of that girl and I just want to punch her in her stupid, judgmental mouth and I am so infuriated that my boyfriend didn't get offended for me or defend me. I thought the world of my boyfriend, I thought I was so lucky to have him. He seemed like he agreed with the thought that he was settling for me, which is bullshit because although I'm not perfect, I tried so hard to be a good girlfriend to him and didn't think I was lesser than him, if anything, we were supposed to be equal. Fuck that. Fuck that asshole. I have a whole list of bullshit he's done. He put his drinking buddies ahead of me. When I said I wish he would put more effort into making time for me because I always made time for him, 10 minutes later, he's texting his bar friend, picks up the phone and is like, "hey man, what you doing? You want to do something?" Bullshit. Bullshit. I want the last 2 months of my life back. I want to punch his stupid face. 
I've just broken my third keyboard this past 3 months, two days after I got my last one. I had to buy a new 360 controller and get my wii u gamepad repaired. All of these because of how salty I got when playing against people online. All of these are just recent things too. Who knows how much money I've spent overall on replacing things I've broken. I'm starting to question if the fun I'm having is really worth this frustration that causes me to lose money and may scare/hurt the people around me. Not too long ago I barely stopped myself before I accidentally threw a controller in my dogs direction. This doesn't happen when I play locally, maybe I'll get a little mad but never to the extent of online play. Any advice?
Supposed to be my friend.This is taking so much energy from me.  I want the rage to end now.  It will fade but it could take a long time. I don't know how long. The disrespect is making me lose my fucking mind. I'm trying to breath.
nothing works for me!!! literally nothing. my computer is playing up, my phone is playing up. everything just wont work. im trying to post this picture from my phone and get it onto my computer so i can post it onto another subreddit  but it's not working! i tried everything!. nothing works for me. im cursed. i have the worst luck ever

I was going along just fine in life I thought.  I was under the impression that the ex and the ex-best-friend he left me for had moved, and I wasn't even sure they were together anymore.  Then today, someone I knew brought them up, informed me they not only lived in town, but were married and had a great life. He's the one who started cheating and then they both started being verbally abusive, yet blaming me for the tension that started happening.  I can't tell anything obvious I did that caused him to do that.  Won't go into more detail, because it would quickly become a book.Anyway, it just fucked up my whole day.  I've been pissed off, because it just doesn't seem fair that they get to have a happy life after what they did.  I thought great relationships weren't supposed to start with cheating.  I thought eventually their selfishness would come back to haunt them.  But no...great income, great house, ...just everything.In the meantime, I spent years struggling to recover, I did eventually get my own relationship, but we can't financially manage to even live in the same state as each other, and I'm very slowly trying to bring my income up by getting a masters degree, and paying for it on my own while working.Nothing bad ever seems to happen to those two, though they seem ok with pushing bad things onto others.  I don't even want to know this stuff. I want them completely out of my mind.  This weight from the divorce 11 years ago won't lift.  I'm also sorta mad at the person that bothered to tell me this info, but it's not her fault that I'm pissed.  I'm never going to forgive them, but I'd love to get to a point of not caring, but I don't know how to get to that point. Not sure if this is the right sub, but since it involves lots of anger and wishing some awful stuff would magically happen to others on its own, I figured this was the place.
if I wake up and go to the bathroom to go brush my teeth and I hit my hand off a door because I wasn't paying attention that is enough to set me off. Sometimes I put on a sock but it won't fully come on because i'm not pulling upwards at the right angle and that can make me furious enough to just take it off and rip the sock apart i feel like i should go to a therapist but im not doing those stupid fucking anger support groups or anger management shit
And honestly the only thing that provides a barrier is that I know how bad it'd look if I actually vented, especially in the physical sense. There's a whole lot of things that I'm angry or upset about and that I think other people should be too, but enough people aren't and it's fucked. I'm sad and angry and tired of talking about the Syrian civil war and having enough people not knowing what I'm talking about-- I get being focused on your own life but there's this know nothing some people have that's actually really insufferable. I feel like hitting things a lot more then is conceivably healthy. I end up wanting to fuck with certain people just because I know it'll hurt them and then they can feel this kind of helpless negativity and then I'm not going to be the only person who has to feel like that on a semi regular basis. Lifting weights and hitting a punching bag never fully helps. It always, always comes back and I hate that it does. 
Now, it might be very petty, but I get angry when people don't give me the credit I deserve. I hate it, but I'm slowly starting to realize it's who I am. I think it all started in 7th grade, when I was last chair (out of 20 or so) in band. Before I came to terms with the truth that, at the time, I wasn't very good, I was pissed. I got a private teacher and by the end of the year I jumped up to fourth chair. Then, when freshman yerr rolled around, I wasn't able to audition for the advanced band. This pissed me off cuz I thought that it was spitting int the face of my achievement. I finally was able to audition the next year, and made it. Then I was in last chair. Just because. No seating placement tests, no skill, I just came late, and last chair was the only one open. Now I had to go thru all that againNow I KNOW I'm a damn good musician. I feel like no one else does. No matter how hard I try, there's always something stopping me. And that pisses me the fuck off. I can never get better, at least not compared to everyone else, and they don't see how good I am There never seems to be a "my time to shine". I'm always second fiddle in everything 
This is basically a rant with loads of caps. Don't mind me, I'm just very pissed.You KNOW what you're doing wrong, YOU KNOW that he's abusive. then WHY in the world ARE YOU STILL SAYING THAT HE'S WORTH IT? you fucking know that he's been abusive to you, AND HE FUCKING BROKE UP WITH YOU ONE DAY AGO, WHY IS THE WIDE WORLD ARE YOU STILL TRYING TO GET HIM BACK? You can actually TELL ME what you're doing wrong, then WHY don't you want to do the correct thing? WHY? So you're saying that: oh he's worth it, but he's shitty and abusive but he's worth it. you KNOW you're doing something VERY FUCKING WRONG, and then you just go ahead and say: "why are you talking to a hopeless girl like me?" well I liked you for almost 8 damn months, I wanna help you (even if you aren't together with me), but you aren't letting me help. YOU KNOW, you love me more than you love him, THEN WHY HANG ON? JUST LET HIM GO, HE BROKE UP WITH YOU, STOP TRYING TO FUCKING SALVAGE IT. Just let him go, get over that asshole, and live your damn lifeTLDR: she's blinded by love and I'm getting really pissed at her because the guy is an abusive asshole.Backstory: my almost 8 months crush (15 years old) is tgt with a 21 year old army guy who's abusive and borrows cash from her (he owes her $105 now, gonna increase to $115 this weekend.) He broke up with her last night, but she's trying to salvage the relationship. Her best friend and I are having heart attacks over what she's saying.EDIT: spelling.
I currently live with my father and his alcoholic and crackhead "girlfriend". They don't have a romantic relationship but been friends for 5 years. She's been bouncing in and out of our lives as she's gotten and lost homes. He's too good of a person to just call the cops on her or just abandon her altogether. My father and I get along well. While I have no power or saying in what happens in the house, I don't mind since we get along well. But this friend is driving us insane.This cycle of her coming home from work, getting "fucked up" and then having to listen to her ranting and screaming for the whole evening has been going on for 3 months.Today, she snuck in the bathroom and got "fucked up" once again. She started yelling and screaming about all sorts of nonsense as she always does. My father and I just try to tolerate this and I'm usually able to handle this. My mother was a trouble alcoholic and crackhead. However, she start screaming at me directly, calling me stupid and useless and laughing.I SNAPPED. I was shaking hard as it blurred my vision. I started screaming at her and chewed her out in the same way she does to us all the time. I told her to "get the fuck out" as my father has done so many times before. She got highly offended and she got in my face and started yelling more. Which I did as well until I realized I needed to back off before I hurt her and pulled away to feed the dog.Then she kept going while I'm prepping the dog's food, swinging her hands at me until I grabbed the nearest pot and slammed it down onto the counter as hard as I could. It was the counter or her face. And I know she's not worth the jail time. There is a permanent bend in the side of the pot.Thankfully, she got scared and took off to my father bedroom and grabbed her purse so my father can dump her off somewhere to sober up. As she darted off, so did I as ran to room and let out some primal screams until I started to cry.Thankfully, my father understood all of this and doesn't seem to be holding it against me so far.One of the worst parts of this is the fact she won't remember any of this tomorrow and she'll do it again as it's payday. And the cycle of her getting "fucked up" and then becoming a violent, screaming mess begins again.How do I cope with this? Is there some way I kept my anger under control before I end up hurting her? Any advice in general?
I have serious anger issues, yet no one knows, because I keep it bottled inside.  However, over the past two years, more and more events in my life and in society have fed that anger, and I am slightly scared of what I could do if I can't control it like I normally do.For example, I recently read 3 articles, one about minorities and prison, one about Kim Davis, and one about an Iranian female soccer player...All have different levels of injustice, and after every article I had to go for a walk to cool off. I bit my lip and drew blood as I read the Kim Davis piece.  As I grow older, I realize that injustice is the strongest trigger for my anger...and in this day and age of Donald Trump, the aforementioned Kim Davis, police officers killing black people without consequence, and the general malaise that is the internet, I can see A LOT of injustice...I don't want to be the stereotypical angry black man, but society has a habit of making that quite hard not to be. I'm not even considered a stereotypical black man, as I have different likes and views from the "normal" (Read: How society "sees" us) African American.Does anyone have the same feelings that I do, where almost every story or article fills them with a rage that needs to be held in check? I would like to know of some techniques others use.
I'm a mess as of late, i don't sleep more than two or three hours a night, whenever someone touches me without asking i end up harming them in some way, and i'm more aggressive when responding to people lately. It's affecting the way my friends and family treat me... Im not entirely sure what to do.

LONG STORY (apologies):I'm 32 and currently living with my Mum. I've been here for a year to try and save money for a mortgage but it's ridiculously difficult to get hold of one in my situation. I work for myself. Went from Sole Trader to Limited in December 2014. Have been Freelance for approx. 7 years. Can't get one because I apparently "can't afford it".I had my own flat for about 4 years and was paying 600 a month in rent plus bills. So about 900 a month on living expenses. So I moved back with my Mum to save money for a deposit. Hasn't worked out as well as I expected. Despite being able to afford 600 a month in rent, a moron Mortgage Adviser told me I can't afford 400 a month because my net profit is only 12k. Moron. Doesn't know his arse from his elbow.Anyway... that's my current situation and it's frustrating. I don't want to live at my Mum's. I pay 350 a month for everything which is great but there's not many places I can go in the house for a bit of peace and quiet. I don't want to stay in my room all the time like a teenager. My Mum teaches privately, she likes to entertain with dinner parties, and she also foreign students staying with us to learn English. So it's basically like living in a hostel and I'm made to feel guilty for not wanting to get involved with people who are only going to be here for a week or two. She wants me to meet them but I have no interest in meeting people who are in and out of our lives instantly. I like my down time because I work hard and just want peace and quiet. My Mum also talks bollocks and often repeats herself, "Oooh can't believe it's Friday already! Where's the week gone?!", "Oooh hasn't he aged?!" She's like a scratched record.THE PROBLEM:We had two Italian girls stay with us for 2 weeks and my Mum made a sort of leaving dinner for them last Friday and I was happy with that because it would've been a nice chilled out evening. However, about 15 minutes before we were due to sit down to eat, I learned that there were two more people coming along who I apparently knew, "It's just Maria and her friend. You know them!" - no I don't (she has a tendency to talk about her colleagues and friends like I'm their best mates). So that really fucked me off. The evening went from being chilled out to socially disingenuous, for two people I don't know, who were inevitably going to ask me about my job and loads of other banal shit. Forced conversation, basically. It would have also involved lots of talking in Italian and feeling left out, awkward silences, etc... basically, like being on the fucking Titanic, having a formal dinner and lots of showboating and one-upmanship. All on a Friday night when all I wanted to do was chill out.The frustrating thing is, my Mum doesn't get it. I told her but she doesn't understand, so I walked out and went to my Dad's. And now we're avoiding each other.I have thought about moving to my Dad's but his place is a shit hole and I'd become ill very quickly.So I'm looking at a flat tomorrow and throwing the towel in with regards to getting a mortgage.Obviously, the fallout is not going to last forever and we'll get over it BUT it's just incredibly annoying how different we are as Mother and Son. She loves The X Factor, is very old fashioned, mildly racist, elitist and likes to "keep up appearances". Of course, I love her to bits but she winds me the fuck up!
Please excuse this rant, as I've had too much to drink tonight:I didn't want to go on Reddit and type any of this, to lay my laundry out to dry. Thing is, it's eating me up inside. My Mom's health has come to a stand-still because of her heart. For so many words, I can only describer her as Atlas...or someone that takes on everyone's problem but her own. Her SO, a very senior man who depended on her, in his 80's was one of the developments that corresponded with her downfall. Yet, over a very long time. 15 to 20 years. In and out should would come to his aide, and others, but her own, to make sure everyone was happy until now. Her heart, so weak. Life is an joker made of irony. Because she was always thinking of the other person but herself, by putting her own needs aside to concentrate on others. So now she has a hear condition, with a pace maker, because of how life has dealt the hand she plays with. I'm so fucking angry at the people who put her there, with all the stress in her life. Her SO, who she waits on "hand and foot". Who can't even cut his own fucking  food. Just a few weeks ago at my birthday, while out to dinner, not only did he ask for his food to be cut, but for her to spoon feed him. I certainly announced my disapproval saying he was too FUCKING lazy to do it himself. Why? because at home, he certainly has no problem getting his fat ass up from the recliner, waddle (like a shitty ass penguin) over to the fridge, to get ice and pour himself a scotch. My Mom is way to good to him. When she get's out of the hospital things will change. Especially for Captain ShitFuck.Overall, I'm not together. I'm crying all the time. I'm drinking WAY TOO MUCH. I'm blacking over and waking up with bruises and scratches all over my body. I think I might have broken a finger the other day. I wake up and there are new scrapes and gouges in the drywall of my apartment. Yet, through all the craziness and emotions, I've still kept a cool with people. I might snap at a few, but I never become hostile. Perhaps it's because the ones at work know me too well, and know when to back off.
Now that I've stopped cutting and most SH behaviors I feel very large amounts of of anger. I'm 27 haven't been SH for a year now, but I still bruise myself unintentionally pretty often. I press a part of my body into hard things. I know it seems like a weird way of SH but it leaves very bad bruises. I'm unaware I'm doing it till I see the bruises later.The anger seems harder to deal with than ever and much more inside my body if that makes sense. When I get anger flashes I feel it pass through me physically. What I feel is my muscles go weak and then go tense. I almost black out or see spots before my eyes, sort of... it doesn't feel like I am me anymore, like something is taking over. I get incredible amounts of energy and adrenaline and feel as if nothing can hurt me. Right after the feeling that nothing can hurt me a feeling of wanting someone or something to try to hurt me. Like I want to test just how invincible I feel. Which usually leads into very strong urges to cut or hurt myself in some way. Or try to provoke someone into doing it to me. Until recently this has been pretty against my nature. I've never been in a physical fight, barely even smashed or threw things in this state but I can see myself doing either thing when I get stimulated enough. Which scares me a lot because I told myself I'd NEVER be a person who did that. I don't want to be a person who scares or hurts others. Mostly because I dealt with that growing up. I don't want to become the thing I hated for so long. Ironically the same thing that's the source of my anger, I don't want to become like that.Even when I was un-medicated as a teen (pretty much the most messed up I've been) I didn't feel anger like this. It makes sense that it took so long to surface because I did so much self blame and pushing it down for so many fucking years. I also have cut back on substance abuse though I still smoke pot and it helps a little I guess. I used to drink but no longer. The actual lack of substances, the soberness I feel can be irritating. I didn't feel strong anger while drinking but the fear that I could black out caused me to stop.When I'm triggered to the abuse that caused my PTSD I get anger unbelievably. It becomes really painful and makes me want to cut. Sometimes the triggers are things that bring back memories, that I could of never guessed would trigger me. I'm delicate because of this its like people have to walk on eggshells because of me. It's causing other things too. Lashing out at people, depression, stopped eating, and sexual lust. I feel completely broken and fucked up because of all this. I feel like when I can stop one bad behavior like the cutting, more pop up to take it's place. The anger is there now, it's so new and foreign to me. I used to be proud that at least I could be a chill person despite all that's happened to me. But the anger was always there I just used to do such a good job of pushing it down.It eats away at my self esteem.
This may seem minor but its about a promise. And I take promises seriously. I thought she did too. We made a promise a few months ago to never be intoxicated without the other person being there. For a bunch of reasons including being so intoxicated that you accidentally cheat or that someone take advantage or you get into some other dangerous situation. She swore to hold that promise. I swore. I'm not big into being intoxicated but I ecen said I'd do it with her so she wouldn't do it with other people. Well the last few weeks she's been really wanting to get stoned and even though I continuously reminded her about the promise, yesterday she got stoned with some guy I don't know. Which pissed me off for a bunch of reasons 1. She broke the fucking promise. 2. She did it with a guy 3. It was laced with ecstasy without her knowledge. So I flipped a bit and I said it'd take awhile to gain back trust but that id forgiven her as long as she doesn't do it again. Today I thought we were going to talk about it and make everything good. But when I called her she was out with another friend( a different guy) and she just said she'd call me later. But she sounded funny while she was talking. Later she admitted... THAT SHE FUCKING GOT BAKED AGAIN. TWICE IN A FUCKING ROW. I HAVEN'T BEEN THIS ANGRY IN A VERY LONG TIME. WHAT THE FUCK. I don't have anything to say to her except to scream and yell about it but I just cold and damaged and betrayed. She told me about it at 8:55 and I haven't responded yet and it's 9:39. I don't think I'm going to text her again tonight. I don't know how to deal with this. All she said was sorry and when I didn't respond she hasn't said anything. I think she's still with him. I don't know what to say or do. I just feel cold. I love her with all my heart but I don't know how to deal with this. I just needed to rant. If anyone actually reads this, thank you.Edit: this is the draft I have saved to text her. Idk if I want to pull the trigger yet.So you broke my trust and the promise yesterday with some guy. I forgave you but instead of trying to fix and things and talk about it today you just went out with another guy and got high with him too and you all you have to say is sorry and think it's okay? You obviously don't give a single fuck about what I think anymore. Of maybe just me in general. Your choosing weed over me. Again. If I help so little that you have to choose weed and other guys over me, whats the point of you keeping me around
Hey all, I am new to this sub, so I apologize now if I slip up following any rules. In addition thank you for helping me out with this. At work, I receive a lot of harassment from the customers coming into my store. It's ridiculous how frequently this issue pops up--anywhere from 5 to 20 times a day. Sometimes it shows up as sexual harassment. The rest of the time it manifests in condescension and abusive language including screaming and cursing, usually referencing any of the following about me: my gender, sexual orientation, size/height, appearance, and age. Normally, I politely but assertively say something to the person, making it clear that they are being inappropriate. I always feel angry when this happens, but I don't often show it or at least as much as I can in each situation. Sometimes, though, as I am sure many of you can relate to, no amount of deep breathing can relieve all of the anger when you are currently dealing with a situation. Recently, there was a situation where a favorite customer of one of the store's other managers harassed me. He seemed like your run of the mill jerk, so I just finished assisting him and then resumed the training I was conducting with an employee. However, this customer then immediately spoke to this manager. That manager assumed I was completely at fault and that I shouldn't have "been a b*tch to him." This was the part that infuriated me. I didn't demonstrate any of this anger, but I have seen that this manager does not have my back when situations arise such as this. I am still very angry about this incident and am considering quiting after I finish training two managers-to-be so that the company will have replacemnts ready to go. I spoke to our district and regional managers about the situation. They backed me up. However, they are rarely on site, so I will still be stuck dealing with similar problems down the road. Any advice about how to handle this situation? I can provide more information in the form of edits if necessary.  tl;dr: I am still very angry about how another manager at my store handled a situation regarding a customer harassing me and realized that this will continue. Should I quit or is this just me lacking control of my anger issues?
They are moving out which is great. But after them spending all weekend moving their stuff and a lot of mine in the process I come home to a note on the fridge saying "please stop moving our stuff without asking". Last night I moved the tea, coffee and sugar containers up to a shelf 20cm above where they have sat on the counter in the kitchen for the last two years. This morning they were back on the counter so I moved them again. I come home this afternoon to the note and the containers back on the bench. I'm just thinking wtf is wrong with these people! Only one of these containers is actually theirs. They moved my things during the weekend and didn't ask before touching any of it and I said thank you to them. I just don't get them. They said the same thing when I cleaned the garage a month ago, they got angry when I cleaned the pantry. They have never just said thank you for something I've done, rather they jump to some self centered, victimised version of reality and find something to bitch about. They continually move my things without asking, they even use my tools without asking! Even though the things they do really bug me I still don't passive agressively be a douch bag about it. I always just shrug it off and think hey I have to try and live with these people. I can't wait for them to move
Anger is not a bad thing, but how much it affects me is. It controls my life on a daily basis. Most of the people in my life I cant avoid. Its not a "just dont be friends with them" type of situation. Its people im forced to see them every day. They are not bad people and I like spending time with them until something happens though.I want to be on not just good, but great terms with them. I need to be. Most of the people im surrounded by though are really mean without thinking they are. They constantly violate my boundaries and I dont know how to tell them that what they are saying and doing is unacceptable. It makes my rage fuel to the max and I don't know how much more I can take. Its getting worse. It hurts me when I've known them for almost three years. Seeing them almost every day. They know me, but they assume the worst in everything that I say. The worst possible version of what I say instead of taking the time to think about what it is I am saying. Its like, "you know me, so why would you assume im saying something bad?" I think that is what makes me angry. People who dont make me feel this way tell me I didnt say anything that can be perceived as bad so I know im not just saying things that are fucked up sounding to everyone. What should I do?
So I had a pretty petty argument with some friends that blew up really quickly. The real argument was not about ice cream, but rather a video game. The surrounding details of the game would take too long to explain, so I'm retelling the story from the perspective of us buying ice cream, as it highlights all the important parts.--Three friends and I sitting at the curbside when an ice cream truck rolls up. Friend A runs up to get an ice cream cone when my phone rings.**Me:** Hey friend A, can you buy me a Vanilla ice cream? I've been craving one all week - I'll pay you back when I finish with this call. Thanks!I step away, few minutes go by, I come back, Ice cream truck is far down the road, and friend A is sitting there licking his chocolate ice cream. No vanilla to be found.**Me:** Uh....did you remember to get that Vanilla I asked?**Friend A:** *(uninterested tone)* Huh? What? Oh....uh, dude, they don't sell Vanilla ice cream.**Me:** Don't sell vanilla? What? *(I look far down the street where the ice cream truck is  parked. There is a kid who has just bought his vanilla ice cream from the truck)* Look! *(I point to the kid)* He bought vanilla! They did have vanilla!At this point Friend A is ignoring me, licking his chocolate ice cream with an uninterested look on his face. He has had a history of doing things like this before.**Me:** I think you just forgot, but are making shit up to cover your own ass. It's ok to admit you made a mistake, but don't spin this by blaming it on me.**Friend A**: *(not looking away from ice cream)* I didn't blame anything on you.**Me:** Ok, maybe blame was the wrong word, but-**Friend B**: *(turns to me, yelling)* Can you **SHUT UP**?!--After this point everyone is quiet for two minutes, until Friend C tries to break the tense silence. As soon as Friend B begins to talk, and I pretty much explode with anger at him. Everything spirals out of control from there.The only important things to note here at that the real argument happened over a voice chat program, while we were playing a video game together. Stepping aside to 'talk to friend A' in private would have been difficult as we were all focused game (real time game being played vs other players), and just 'walking away' from everyone would have been seen as equally rude, as it pretty much ruins the game for all of the other players involved.As of now Friend B and I aren't talking anymore. We've been friends for over 9 years, so I'd like some closure to this.If you've read this far, thank you for bearing with me. Was I too angry? How could I have handled it better? Thanks for your input!
Little while ago I posted some information about a promo code are used for audible the fact that you can get really good deals. But I was basically just criticised for ripping audible off. What a joke me a poor regular person versus one of the biggest corporations in the world.I deleted the post and they can carry on feeling smug.That they think paying 75% more than I do mean that money is going to the authors.which is bullshit going to Amazon pockets more than likely
I am very angry because I cannot afford the surgery my daughter so desperately needs. It seems like our country has turned to shit and nobody cares. I have tried all sorts of organizations to get help for her but it has not worked. I am angry at the world and feel completely hopeless.......
This is my first time here. I don't feel like getting into my history now. I just wanted to say what happened somewhere. I punched my SOs parents front door window and shattered it. I'm usually really good at staying in control but I made a terrible mistake that will cost me an amazing relationship some friends and a large monetary sum. I'm too embarrassed to talk to my friends or family just yet. That's all. See you around.
Sometimes I replay scenarios over and over again in my head, where I was a pushover and people have taken advantage of my kindness and I bottle all those feelings up. When I replay the moments over again in my head, I'm so fucking angry and usually wish I had knocked the person out or had told them to fuck off. I keep lingering on these moments of frustration even though they were years ago. Ugh. It doesn't happen all the time, but right now i can't sleep because I keep thinking about it. 

A couple of years ago, when it all started, I didn't really pay much attention to the problem, problem with self-control I had developed from constant stress. I went to a psychiatrist a few times, but he couldn't help me, or rather his treatment wasn't as effective as I expected. As time goes by my condition worsens, I'm getting more aggressive, violent, I can't control some of my actions, like breaking stuff, shouting at my family at the top of my lungs when pissed off really bad, threatening to kill someone, acting like a wild animal, in a bad way. I can't imagine what others think of me, nor I actually want to. I can't afford expensive and proper psychiatric treatment because I'm poor (I live in a post-soviet country), I've been poor most of my life, which is one of the main stress factors in my life. I can't predict what I'm going to get mad at next time, it can be someone's message, some random phrase, a stupid TV show, the sound of a doorbell, anything. I might have schizophrenia, for all I know. I haven't mentioned the most important thing yet: I've been a recluse for 3 years now, meaning I haven't been outside my apartment for 3 years, I'm also unemployed and live off my parents' income. The most depressing thing about my situation is that things aren't going to change for the best and there's nothing I can do about it.Thanks for reading. I understand that there are people with the same problem here, but I just needed to get it off my chest.
My youngest memory I have of my father is him screaming at me. I had taken a bath then refilled it to relax. He was angry I had not yet washed my hair with soap, so he held my neck underneath the water while scrubbing my hair and yelling as I cried.The next years involved extensions of this. I took comfort in my mother who was calm, and our main communication was the goodbyes we gave each other. Otherwise it was one way screaming.She maintained, refused divorce although was considered and recommended by family at points. Then she died. The next year and years involved coping via alcohol and constant rage directed at his only child. My alarm clock was the sound of directed yelling. Face veins popped out, every sort of insult that could be sprayed. Any further interaction throughout the day would be similar. I grew up with a large anger complex; I remember clearly fantasizing about killing people I disliked for hours, sometimes for no specific reason. When I went into a fit however, I didn't yell. I hate yelling, screaming, etc. I would become quiet whereas normally I'm quite expressive.I made it my focus to calm. Every interaction with my father I would attempt the most reasoned, calm approach ie no loud speaking, calm responses, calm questions, etc. This seemingly aggravated his anger, which I took comfort in. I changed from an angry person to the complete opposite, someone who can talk calmly to someone saying anything. Attempts at any sort of conversation would devolve into rage. I practiced this until no amount of rage would allow me to ever raise my voice. My friends let me stay at their house as I would be kicked out during his fits of anger. They would only ever know him as a man who would show up every few weeks screaming at everyone he could. My life has since been plagued by suicide attempts, slit wrists, heavy drug use, criminal behavior, hate, and pessimism. I will accept a worse position in life in order to avoid confrontation; it is cowardly behavior.A decade or two later he has calmed down. Yet, I would still prefer if he just died suddenly one day and that part of my life can finally be behind me completely. Behind the now calm words and smiles I will likely always see a face of hate. The reason I am posting this: hope you use all of your strength to avoid this same pattern. 
My ex girlfriend was supposed to come over to my house tonight to hang out and smoke (she was bringing the weed). The whole afternoon I tried to communicate with her about what time she'd get here (on public transit) and she was never clear. After work today I went to a friends house and we went to the gym. But the whole time I was kind of rushing my friend to take me home in time, so my ex wouldn't be waiting. Then at 11 at night she tells me that the bus didn't show up (NO DUH ITS SUNDAY NIGHT ON A HOLIDAY WEEKEND!) but she waited till the last minute, and honestly just didn't plan out anything. By the time I was home my friend had left and driven back home to the other side of town. I don't have a lot of other friends up late or near me and now I have to sit at home the rest of the night alone and angry that she bailed on me bc she's unorganized and stupid. I'm a night owl so going to sleep isn't an option. I work every day this weekend and Labor Day. This was my one night to do something and I freaking rearranged my plans to spend time with her and she screwed me over and can only offer me a sorry. I just want to punch a wall or break something! I know it's something petty but it's not fair that my night is fucked because of someone else not getting their shit together! I'm trying to distract myself with Netflix but I can't stop thinking about how I could be entertained right now and I ended my night early and rushed my friend for no fucking reason. How do I calm down when I don't want to calm down??!?! I want her to know how angry I am or have to suffer bc I am, but she gets to go to bed and move on with her night and she doesn't even have to work tomorrow. I'm so angry I'm almost shaking and my face hurts from frowning and my body being tense. I already exercised a few hours ago (and it might be contributing to my aggression now). What do I do to not be livid the next 4 hours or so??
I'm a student in my fourth year at a university, and I'm having problems with housing. I'm going on Craigslist and Roommates.com about it, and the student union was gracious enough to offer me a few weeks of temp housing. I'm pretty frustrated, but I have my ways of dealing with this stress. I go for a walk, I drink some green tea, and if I'm really angry I scream in a pillow. Of course I do something about the situation that stresses me out, but I can't approach that with any rationality if I'm hopping mad.On my way home for the weekend, I talked with my mother about my dad's temper. I kind of didn't want to go home because my dad has this pattern of picking at little aspects of the problem. Even if something's being done about the problem, he finds a different facet to start an argument about. My mom told me that if he gets into one of his moods, I have to calmly tell him that I don't want to have an argument, and then leave the room. Sure enough, he says I'm not doing enough to get any housing. This is immediately after I finish a phone call from some folks who were renting a room, saying when's a good time to meet with them and see the room. So he tries to start a big loud argument, and I followed my mom's advice. I told him I didn't want to argue, I'll be happy to talk about it when he's in a better mood, and I left for another room and closed the door.So he busts the door open and starts stomping around, screaming himself red-faced about how I need to start acting like an adult instead of a five-year-old. For the next hour, he's arguing at me. I say at instead of with because I can't respond, I always get shut down and interrupted before I can begin a sentence. It's like a Bill O'Reilly segment.This is a pattern that's been going on for years, and I don't know what to do. I feel bad for him because I definitely think he has problems with anger, and I want him to get help. He's had issues with blood pressure in the past. I'm afraid that his anger will end up killing him. My little sister lives in that house too, and I don't want all this radiating on her. She's starting to develop some issues with depression, and I think this may be contributing to that. I've had my own problems with depression and migraines in the past.What do we do about this? I don't like seeing my dad like this. It hurts.
I've got a really bad habit of throwing my controller whenever I get angry and I need something else I can throw that won't break something and I can put back together if it shatters 
I was always known to be the super mellow guy that goes with the flow of everything.  It's one aspect my wife loved in me.  Since having a child I find myself getting angry and snapping quickly.  Not just things that involve my daughter, to everything.  I can feel myself quickly getting to that point of destructive anger and then nothing else around me matters.  I hate myself for that especially when i'm driving.  If someone is turning left where they shouldn't be I get aggressive.  Then I think 2 seconds later "why did  I do that...it delayed me maybe 5 seconds so who cares"  I completely regret what i've done.  What are some quick things I can do when i feel the anger rushing in?
*TL;DR is at the bottomI work at a bowling alley. A couple days ago, I had a customer walk in with her husband and children. All was going well until the I reached the segment where I had to enter their names. The supposedly fancy looking consoles where customers can enter their own names are shit, so whoever works the Front Desk is required to enter them manually. Everyone's name entry was fine...except for hers. It was Maggie. I won't lie, low key I forgot how to spell that name (haven't heard it in like a decade), but the way she approached me for misspelling it was utterly disrespectful.Her: How do you spell "Maggie"Me:......(don't know what to answer) whatever I put there on the screenHer: No, that's Maggey!Me: Yea sorry, I was just going off of closest memoryHer: You don't know how to spell, you should've asked...Here's what ticked me off. I usually always ask for names I don't know...I'll admit I forgot to this time, but she was extremely rude, so I responded withMe: You also could've told me.She turns around as she's walking away, and says Her: What?I repeat. We do this another 2 times. I tell how I reciprocate whatever attitude is given to me. Enraged, she demands my manager. Instead of fueling her fire more by telling her to go find the manager, I go find the manger instead. She then begins to rage and complain about our terrible customer service upon our return, and why she'll never come back here...I'm fine with that. You'll get no apology from me. Her coupon got her a free game anyway. Save us the trouble.As if her rant never ended, she began to explain how she also works in retail/customer service, and how easy it was for me to simply adhere to my mistake. I don't care how much ass she kisses, but I'm done bending over backwards for companies and rude customers...The things it's done to me will stain me for life.It's also a terrible feeling when the manager tells me "not to take it personal," when they don't have all immediate customer complaints going their way.TL;DR: A customer raged at me because I spelled her name wrong. I reciprocated the attitude, she blew up.
Do the people you spend time with make it harder or easier to have a healthy and centered mind? If not then get away, just get away from them.I understand that it is not always in your control. You can't move out, they are your coworker and you don't want to quit. But if it is in your control, just do it.
Sorry all, I need to vent. I'm preventing myself from screaming at my co-workers and/or punching them. The stupidity, cruelty and or hypocrisy of office people... I can't believe it. I really thought I could be off-med, I was able to do it for over a year but I feel like I won't be able to stand it any longer. I keep having to keep my anger in check and it's becoming tiring. Thing is, i get incredible highs, so people think of me as this super-happy guy but when the high is over... Anyway, sorry for the ramblings. I'll will go take a walk
Came here looking for a community to talk about anger and self control and whatnot, and noticed there's a chat channel on IRC via the sidebar, which I figured was worth a look. Cool, let's give it a try - I've never used IRC before - holy hell it is so old and hard to use (yes, I'm young or whatever and no I won't get off your lawn). My main interest is using it on mobile and the five or so iOS clients I tried simply didn't work. (Which in turn made me, you know, angry! Haha...)Is there anything more modern that pockets of reddit or other communities use, like Slack?I'm somewhat hesitant to post on here due to the relative permanence of it, but I'm sure I could get over it if there's no bulletproof experience for IRC or Slack or anything like that for discussion purposes. Thanks for reading. 
There are a lot of people that are the main source of people's anger, and they are just cunts. Usually people that make you mad and there is no point reasoning with them. I live with multiple people that are just impossible to reason with (they steal food and make things dirty and deny they did it), I guess we all just have to put up with it because there's no point. I guess just ignoring and not interacting with these people would be the good thing to do because I don't want to hurt them or make myself break more shit.
I am an angry person. I don't know why, but I just am. If people are mean to me, or keep doing things wrong, I get angry. I get more angry if they're mean to me, and sometimes I'll lash out and hit them. Since I'm growing, I sometimes don't realise my own strength. Sometimes if I get angry, I'll punch things. Not things that are too soft though, those don't work. I prefer harder things. The bad thing is that I feel the best way to release my anger is to hit people. I don't like talking about it, I prefer to be violent about it. I wish I could get therapy or something, but I don't have the money. Since I prefer being violent, I'm scared that in the future I'll do something really bad, like beat someone up or something.Does anyone have any suggestions?
Can't say when it was exactly that one day I'm in the middle of yelling and screaming that I'm asked why I'm angry this time, that I scream I'm always fucking angry. While they walked away, I'm standing there shocked at myself, finally figuring out there is way too much pent up rage in me. I have led a shitty home life, even though I am only 21 years old. Flunked out of traditional college, but managed in a technical school. Repeatedly making stupid mistakes. Staying in a stressful job after giving myself no choice because I let myself become the main provider of god damn provider of 30 year olds and up. I do something or spend my own money for me and feel so irresponsible. Been told by family members in too many ways how fucked up I am. How much of a disappointment I've been/become. Being fucking stupid and believing it all, still believing it all. Wasn't until a friend pointed out I'm being fucking abused that I see it.And somehow I bottle it up. Kept it locked away to the deepest depth of my heart. And slowly over the years it's begun to eat at me. I've made small progress here and there, but the same shit just eats at me. And I am, I am angry all the time. There are too many instances I've snapped at people. Friends/family and strangers alike. I've always told people to not make me angry, but I myself never realized the importance of that control.When I'm angry I can't control myself. I want to hurt someone or scream. I've clawed at my own skin or hit something until my fingers feel numb. I've screamed and yelled at people. Picking fights or accepting arguments. I use to be able to keep my anger in check because this is what happens when I mentally lose it. But in this past year I've seen myself getting angered easily at the slightest annoyance. Going straight to the extreme physical moments instead of swearing or crying in frustration. I feel like I'm losing what little control I have left. At this point I have to wonder if it's time to seek professional help. Because I just can't do this anymore. It's not like I don't have caring or loving people around me. It's just, I'm tired of dragging them into my shit. I don't even talk about these things anymore. I use to rant and vent, but even the most helpful and empathetic person will run out of things to say or do. I don't want to push people out but I feel it's best to close out these violent tendencies and fits of rage. Which is why I think maybe I should speak to someone. This isn't ealthy anymore, and I don't want to do something I'll regret later. But every day it feels like that time is coming and I don't know how to handle it anymore. 
I have been trying to do some stupid college algebra since 10:30 am, it's currently 1:06 pm. I left my room and my mom tried to show me a poster I made when I was a kid and my younger brother tried to tell me about a new video game or something and I snapped at the both. I have broken my desk and most of my writing utensils. Can someone who gets angry over school stuff help me out here?
My wife and I have three kids. We have five and three year old daughters as well as a newborn son. My wife is on maternity leave but she's been really lazy about taking care of the baby. She says that it's because it's a boy and she knows what boys grow up to be or something. She's got some problems. I just started a new full time job at GameStop, rewarding but stressful, and when I get home I just want to relax. The problem is she palms the baby off on me when I get home. I mostly just have the five year old take care of him. She's usually pretty smart and ad long as she doesn't try yo carry him it's fine.I told her to make him a bottle. I heard a crash and when I came into the kitchen there was formula everywhere and she had fallen off the counter. I just started screaming and screaming and I said the most horrible things. My wife was out giving her sister a ride somewhere so it was just me and the kids.I just kept screaming and throwing things and I just couldn't stop. The kids were crying and it just made me madder. The five year old ran away, put the baby in the wagon, and took him and the three year old to the neighbors. I'm scared. I've never blown up at the kids like that. Now my wife is having the older one stay away from me. She's mad and told me if I ever acted like her father again I'd wish we were divorced.I'm a sucky dad.
As I am sure people say here every post, I have had anger issues for my whole life. I have a long fuse that builds and builds until I am on the brink of self harm. I lose control of my movements and get very disturbing thoughts and this shit is starting to scare me. Today my family heard me walking out of my house after finding my work shirt saying "I just want to blow my fucking god damn brains out" I don't believe I would ever do that, I am way to scared of death too and it doesn't seem like a release to me. I just compare my anger to a hard-drive reaching max capacity and crashing, I just reach a certain point of overcapacity and my angry self says things.I am going to schedule a psychiatrist appointment at one of the best hospitals in my area, even though I am highly anti-medicating. I am tired of my family hating me and being scared of me, it i not fair to them.Time to go get diagnosed as a bi-polar I guess, fun.
I love games, and I'll play them out of pure enjoyment. I have fun most of the time, but half the time I end up getting upset and just not having fun. I'll just be miserable and act like a bit of an asshole, maybe upset at myself or the game or whatever. I have a close friend who I scare with this. She's told me this. She said she's scared to play games with me because of this. I don't want this. It makes me feel like a huge asshole. I probably am a huge asshole.I don't know how to get around it. I can't count backwards. I can't do any of that stuff. I literally just go on a rage and mostly forget everything I'm supposed to be doing. I get angry, and act like an asshole, and I don't really want that. I don't want to do this.I don't know how to calm myself down consistently. 
I have a very close friend who was molested by her uncle from ages 8-12. She has anger eruptions that come out of nowhere over the smallest things. So much so that it's hard to have a relationship with her. I have seen her drive away best friends, family, coworkers, etc. because they witness an outburst and make a conscious decision to avoid her permanently. I'm very close to doing that myself, but it's a hard decision to make. I'm wondering if there is a correlation. 
I know this can't normal.. but literally everything pisses me off to an extent that disrupts my life silly things like back/elbow pain, losing in a dumb video game, or dumb arguments.. I won't lie and say that life isn't stressing me out, but this is getting out of hand.I feel like i constantly need to keep my anger in check which also pisses me off. I get angry at the fact that I'm angry at something so dumb for goddess sake I'm in my 20s I feel like a little kid controlling his emotions..most people don't know because i usually don't show it externally..for example, I don't yell at the barber for messing up on my haircut, or throw tantrum when i get home.. but that shit eats me up inside i constantly thinking how big of a moron the barber is. The funny part is I get angry at least 4 or 5 times daily It usually last like 15-30 minutes and then I'm back to normal.Does anyone else struggle with this? any advice? any techniques? 
On the other side, hidden from our previous point of view, there was a mother with her young child (about 5 to 6 years old). Had we seen this, we wouldn't have crossed the tracks, but now we were already there.As we passed, I hear the the child ask if we just went over the rails. The mother answered yes, and, to quote her: "If you ever do that, I'll shoot you". WHO THE FUCK says something like that to their child? That's also what I ended up shouting after her, minus the cussing, because I know that things like that eat me up if I don't make the people know I think it's fucked up. I couldn't even figure out if she meant it as a joke, because she said it completely emotionless.Christ, what the hell. I mean, I don't think she would actually shoot her child, but I'm still angry enough that I want to punch her. I wonder if she's abusive or otherwise completely "normal".
I'm mad about my parents. I'm mad that I'm depressed. I'm mad that because of this I live at home at the age of 25. I'm so fucking mad. Fucking cunt shit whore life.
I've had a "short fuse" all my life. I'm easily upset and I have a difficult time managing stress. I don't know where to turn for my recent issues ...I hate myself for this but I've been taking out my anger on my cat. No hitting her or anything that extreme, but say I have to trim her nails and she bites/scratches me, I'll pin her down and rave about how I hate her and I wish I'd never gotten her. Which isn't true ... Getting this cat helped me get through a really bad bout of depression. What's worse is that I sometimes find myself thinking, "Go ahead and bite me, you little shit." Like I want a reason to be livid. I don't want to hurt anyone. I don't know why I react the way I do. And I don't know where to turn because I'm too mortified to admit these things to anyone in person. Everyone sees me as infinitely patient and understanding ... I have no idea how they'd react if I told them I once kicked a metal public trash can down the stairs and dented a lamp post because I'd lost my university ID. 
She left me the night before Valentine's Day, 2015. I had taken her out to eat at a really nice restaurant, bought her expensive flowers and chocolates, spending a shitload of money on her. Then we went back to my place to relax and enjoy each other's company, and then I knew something was wrong. She hardly spoke, never kissed me back, acted as if we didn't know each other. So I asked her what was wrong and all the while she played the age old female mind game of "nothing's wrong, babe". I knew that this was a load of horseshit, so I kept asking. To keep a long story mildly short, she left me right after I spent all this money on her. I was left with no understanding of why. I hate her, I spent so much time loving her only to be thrown aside. It broke me. I've never hated someone as genuinely as I hate her. It's been months and I should be over it, but I'm far from it. I've spoken to my closest friends so much about it that I'm sure they're sick and tired of my anger, I've written about it, I've thought about it and nothing is fucking helping. I hate her, because she never told me why. I'm so full of rage and spite, it keeps my blood boiling from dusk till dawn every day and night. I can't stop thinking about it. I hate her.Edit: I wrote this while I was livid about other things and I feel that 3/4 of my rage wasn't even about this, so I'm sorry if I wasted anyone's time. 
Today I snapped again. I had been feeling self-harmy as I often do when I am getting more and more frustrated with my life. I dont cut or anything like that. I used to fight so I resort to smashing myself in the head and face with a closed fist. Its not subtle and it is sometimes dangerous to people around me if Im doing t with my eyes closed (which, yes, leads to a later bout of self loathing and an occasional additional slap)Doesnt anyone have any ideas why the rage I should be (quite rightly) directing at the idiots responsiblle for its creation is being directed towards myself?thx
I stopped taking my antidepressants recently because they were numbing all of my emotions, not just the bad ones, and making me irritable.The first week was great, I felt incredibly happy, dizziness, brain zaps, mild side effects but mentally okay.Today started off fine but I felt like I was going to off on someone on my way home from work. Work was fine, but an intense feeling of rage and hatred overcame me afterwards. I violently put my bag on the train seat and it hit a woman, and I looked at her as if to say "I dare you", and through the whole journey was basically stare challenging everyone on the train. Whenever I saw someone get on I mentally tore them apart and hoped they would provoke me so I could retaliate and floor them. I barged several people out of the way to get off the train first.When I saw the dishes I needed to do when I got home I was very close to just smashing them up and throwing them away, but managed to quickly do them, scalding my hands but not really giving a shit.Obviously there is something chemical going on in my brain from the withdrawal, logically I can see that and I am going to stay out of trouble until it dies down, but the feelings are very strong and I am not sure what could happen if someone insulted me in the street etc when I am feeling this way.Do you have advice on managing this sort of out of control rage?I'm sure it will pass, but for now I just need to make sure I keep my cool (people can be quite rude where I'm from, as they are busy getting to work etc).
First of all, I'm 19 y/o. I don't know if that matters, but I figure it's relevant.I've been prone to pretty lengthy episodes of sadness ever since I was 14, even though I have no reason to be.In the past year, my grandfather was diagnosed with cancer, my girlfriend of 2 years broke up with me, I was fired from my job, and I've been hospitalized twice.Steadily, I become less and less sad, and much more angry. Angry to the point that my body physically feels like it's on fire. I have a handle on it for now, but I'm really concerned about what might happen if it gets worse. Can anyone offer any insight, or better yet, advice?
You know when people say "Oh just count your fingers" or "Take deep breaths" to calm you down? Well none of those shitty fucking techniques work on me. And I absolutely HATE IT when I tell someone after a million fucking times that it does not help me and yet, they are so fucking retarted, so fucking stupid to say "just try it". IF IT DOESN'T FUCKING WORK DON'T TELL ME TO FUCKING DO IT.I've recently resorted to cutting myself to relese my anger, but my parents found out, and told my therapist, who told my psychiatrist, who told me to tell my parents, WHO ALREADY FUCKING KNEW.The more and more I get angry, the more and more i feel like i need to be locked up. Fuck I need help.
So I just logged off a game of Hearthstone. For those of you who don't know. Hearthstone is a card based game kinda like Magic. Anyways my opponent had a lethal turn and could easily kill me. Instead the asshole purposely waited till the last second of his turn to play his card. It made me so fucking angry and I still am. I rage a lot in video games. Mostly I just log off or play something else to calm my nerves. But recently it hasn't been working for me. Even if I stop playing and shut my computer off I'm still angry.   Have any of you felt rage from video games? How do you handle it?
I don't know if its just anger, or I'm crazy, but any emotion except happiness turns into anger. I let it build up and then have these thoughts. I think about cutting people, beating them with bats, shooting them... And I look forward to it. I'm the type of person who laughs when someone dies, so most people think I'm crazy in the first place. That helps because people treat me better out of fear, but I don't want to go to prison for life just because I kept all my anger pent up, and I am not sure what to do.
its funny, no one will guess i have anger issues, only close relatives. i can hold it in without trying in public, but when im home, i explode. literally raging at the smallest things, its dumb. ive punched and broken two doors in my house smashed a bread bin, smashed a bathroom mirror sign thingy and broke my laptop from punching it. these are over the course of a couple of years and ive missed a few things but all these things are from "in the moment annoyances" people would just brush off. now it cant be the actual thing that causes it, it must be pent up anger that i only release in private. i feel like i need more balance. i dont mean get angry in public instead of holding it in, but being honest, less passive aggressive. because i think thats what some of it comes from. me not expressing myself or feeling like i cant when someone shoots me down. in work, some people there talk to me like a child, and theyre not even my fucking boss. my actual boss is awesome, really upfront and great. others on the same position but in other sectors of the workplace arent though. this one girl has a grudge against me for some reason and slags me off to my boss and looks for any mistakes to tell him. in person shes nothing hut overly nice, with a hint of bitchiness. i seriously want to put her in her place in a proper manner but i feel i cant do it. because deep down i want to yell in her fucking face. this is just a vent but id love to hear if someone has similar experiences or the same sort of anger
I have a disorder called Intermittent Explosive Disorder. It affects a pretty decent amount of people in the U.S.. Most of the articles I read about this disorder come from an outside perspective of a loved one who has an SO who does not realize they have it and they get them into therapy and they get their meds and go along their happy way. The only issue is my parents (I am still at an age where I am semi-dependent on them) refuse to take me to a therapist or get medications for it because it is just "me not knowing how to control my anger" even though I was diagnosed with it when I went for something that I forgot... I am genuinely scared for my future because everything I read about this disorder has like, domestic abuse, substance abuse, murder, and other really bad stuff. I can't even remember what I do most of the time, which also makes me nervous. I snapped at my brother because he was *fucking* breathing to loud while I was on the computer and I hit him really hard with a Bo Staff. I have knocked doors off their hinges, smashed multiple windows, bit people.... Is there any hope for me? What do I do?
I just have so much built up anger towards the world. I hate other people, I hate majority of women, I hate doing pointless shit just to stay alive, I hate how pointless life is, I hate most drivers on the road, I'm a total misanthrope.But holding on to this anger is mentally and physically exausting. I'm tired of carrying this burden around, but I don't know hot to let it go. I wish I was one of those laid back people that never let anything affect them. tl;dr- I'm tired of being angry, I wanna be chill and laidback. I'm sick of being controlled by my anger, I want to be a better person 
Hey guys, maybe you can help me here.I'm normally a very chill dude. I almost never snap at anyone unless they truly fuck me over.Today is weird though, I had a pretty normal day, nothing particularly bad happened. Yet, any second now I'm going to fucking snap. My roommate was talking to me about something completely reasonable a few minutes ago and I had to fight the urge to just go off on him. I'm holed up in my room right now because the next person I see is going to fucking get it.The problem here is that I'm aware of the anger and I'm aware that no one deserves to have me unload on them. What the hell do I do about this? Deep breaths aren't working, it's something waaaaay deep down that I've never felt before, and I have no idea what's causing it.
I'm 25, male, and I've always been high strung. But lately, like in the last week, I've just been pissed off and I can't find a reason for it.In the past I've had issues letting go. Like if someone pisses me off in any way it's hard for me to get over it. It sticks in my head. Over a few hours it has always subsided. But in the last week I've just been in a terrible shitty angry mood and its starting to interfere with life. I don't even know why I'm pissed off anymore. I just am an can't shake it. I wake up in a bad mood and go to bed worse.Any suggestions? I might hire aPsychiatrist but I don't think I can afford one...
Needless to say, it pissed me off.
So I see a lot of posts on this sub from people venting their situation or feeling remorse for something they did out of anger. It makes me upset because I've been there. Now I'll try to help.Generally people with anger issues have other problems that caused the anger. Abuse, bullying, grief, etc. They are afraid that whenever something similar happens they will relive the painful events, and in a way they do. Suppressed emotions, flashbacks, just so much pain that they'd rather react with anger... than actually let the pain in. This brings me to my other point, people who get angry feel as though there is no other choice. They feel like they have no control of their lives. You see it in suppressed people all the time, the minute you try controlling them they get upset. It's human nature to break away from suppression, whether it be from parents who restrict you, a dead end job where the boss treats you like shit. But why deal with it? Why do people stay in those circumstances, where all they feel is pain and suffering? The answer is fear of uncertainty. People are afraid that if they try to change their lives in a dramatic(or even small) way, the whole world will end. They would rather put up with the abuse than try to leave and break away from the toxic environment. Of fucking course that's gonna create a bitter, resentful, angry person who is always on edge and snaps at everyone defensively. Now thankfully most people are free from those situations. They quit their jobs, left their toxic family members, broke up with a controlling partner. However, that isn't the end. Most people leave with scars, they leave with low self-esteem, and painful memories. Now their actions have a taste of somebody who is afraid to upset anybody. Their will is broken. That was also me. The next step is so crucial. Because guess what? The mean people, tragedies, problems never really stop. Sure it wasn't as bad as before, but you will face new obstacles all the time. If you keep the same attitude, you will have the same results. It's pretty much human nature to adapt to tough situations. The problem will always be there, but our ways to deal with it change. I think its when we become stagnant and do nothing, our grief can overwhelm us because we're cynical and gave up. I noticed with myself that I took everything way too seriously and personally. Guess why? My self-esteem was already damaged from abandonment, abuse, and grief. Little setbacks or failures were "the end of the world". I think younger people just tend to think that way because most people in their teens don't feel control over their lives. It seems like a common theme among people with depression and anxiety, but of no fault of their own. Some people are raised with the belief that they aren't capable or even worthy of a change in their situation. It's usually the parents job but some people don't have parents to begin with. Like me. Luckily for me my highschool wrestling coach was there for me and I finally reached out. He helped me sort through past abuse and grief. I carried a lot of anger and resentment into my late teens. People just seemed so pointless to me and it was their fault that I was so mad at the world. However, my coach lent me a book that helped him through his college years. It was on anger management, and I'm beginning to take responsibility for how I feel. In a way I have more control than I ever knew I had. To be honest, the book was only PART of the answer. I had to teach myself and rewire my brain, take risks and get away from bad people. It's still a work in progress, and I'll never achieve true inner peace, but taking the steps to fight back is what I needed. So please, don't ever sit and overthink this. Get help and whatever you can to change. It's so easy to talk yourself out. Take back control.
Let me start by saying I know I have a temper, but sometimes I just can't handle the level of stupidity that I experience from people. I just can't grasp how people can be so selfish and ignorant to the people around them. Sometimes it throws me into fits of rage I have to pull together every bit of myself in order to keep my cool. Of course to the people close to me, they don't get frustrated the way I do, and tell me that I overreact. I know I'm not the brightest bulb in the box, but I at least try to be aware of my surroundings and be respectful towards people, opening doors, stepping out of the way when I see some one in my peripheral etc. And down to my core I just don't understand why others can't do the same. Is it me? What can I do to control my anger? How do people cope with the fact that our society is filled with idiots?
There are a few people in my life whom I need to ask questions to and would like them to say YES or NO. I don't need a fucking philosophical or moral debate and a long ass side track to another topic to rhetorically ask me the question I asked. Because when they don't tell me yes or no, I cannot make the decision myself as I would need these people in question to approve and create the decision. How can I control my anger against such people?As an example, I would like to submit a form and required a response of YES or NO to submit the form as the form would thereby have an effect on decision management and budget. Talked to the person in question and they told me bullshit questions and of unrelated topics for about 2-3 hours with their temper about said unrelated topics. Obviously I also got angry and started saying to give me a YES or NO answer which they didn't do and still haven't. So I didn't submit the form and the result is a NO but I could have saved plenty of time and made more efficient usage of my time had I known a NO rather than have a fucking debate over it wasting time. What should I do to control my anger? I'm obviously still raging and just created a reddit for this and threw a big tantrum today as this is the culmination of so much pented up anger.
Walk the ten miles home from work instead of driving.
I usually just quietly simmer with hate when people are rude or arrogant. This woman (in her work uniform) jumped the queue and began ordering.  When I told her she had pushed in, she brushed it off, 'I didn't notice.' I said I doubted that and stood right next to her at the counter while she continued to order.  So many things were going through my head to say to this woman.  I almost sensed she wanted to have the last word when it happened. She turns to leave and says 'next time stand closer to the counter'.Me : oh get fucked! Hey how about I call your boss at (name of supermarket uniform this bitch was wearing) you DIPSHIT.Her : excuse me?Me : repeats the whole thing at half speed with emphasis on DIPSHIT.Then I'm asked to calm down or leave the shop. My hands were shaking on the drive home and then I cried for about an hour.I don't really feel like leaving the house anymore, almost every time I do I'm trying not to lose my shit.

Hello reddit.I feel kinda shy to ask for help, but i feel like this is a very serious problem that has grown out of proportion.When i was a little boy i got myself a playstation 1 with a fifa game. I was unbeatable at it, but when new versions of the game started coming out i started losing to everyone, and i started raging. My parents thought it normal at the time since i was just a kid and kids get annoyed by preety much everything so they let it go by.Fast forward some 17 years and i still have the same issue. I have no idea what to do about it. I rage at losing in video games and IRL alike. I got extremely mad for having a 15/20 at maths wich isn't bad at all, but i felt like i had tried hard and deserved better.With video games i have broken mouses, keyboards, left cracks on my table due to getting irritated.I seem somewhat bipolar, i'd say it's kinda like Jekyll and Hyde. When my anger comes out, it ain't preety and my girlfriend is very worried about me, she says i look like an animal when i turn like that.My family is kind of poor and i do not posess the money to pay for a psychologist so i don't know where else to look for help. I've come to the point of self harming by biting myself even.
I'm using a throw away account for my own reasons.I have been getting irrationally angry since middle school. Lately, it has been towards everyone, family, friends, strangers, and loved ones. I get angry at almost anything and once it happens, it doesn't stop until it resolves. It can be very taxing and I will often times punch and throw things. I used to smoke weed everyday. It helped with my depression, anxiety, bad self image, and it would overall help me to suppress my anger. Is that healthy? It got rid of everything that would start my anger, but I have recently been forced to stop. The anger has come back and it gets worse. It is becoming more frequent and harder to stop. I'm yelling and throwing things. Was that healthy to use Marijuana to suppress it? Also, are there anything else I can use to stop these emotions?
I have this problem where noises people and things make drive me nuts. it's starts of annoying and then it gets me extremely angry.  It's mostly people though. From the noises they make while eating (including chewing and the sound of the utensils hitting the plate) to sniffling, coughing, sneezing, throat clearing, breathing loudly, nail clipping, humming tunes and the list goes on and on. It gets to a point where I feel like they are doing it intentionally to annoy me. Sometimes I think I would be happier if I was deaf or hard of hearing. I consciously try to keep my self from getting annoyed when I hear things the bother me but I just can't seem to put the noises in the background. Is there anything thing I can do to control this? 
Story is, we was cleaning underneath these huge fridges at work, my co worker decided to mock me for my poor cleaning skills (I'm not too good at cleaning unless it involves surface wipes).Lately I have been very tightly wound up lately due to feeling depressed and that my job makes me feel meaningless.Back to the story I threw the screwdriver at him but ended up piercing two coke cans.
I've had a huge problem with anger for years. Ever since I was a kid. I just explode and I never seem to be able to control myself, and I always go off and just sound like a bigger asshole than I want to be.I don't want to be like this. I'm already seeing a counselor for this, and I try to talk to her but I really don't know if anything I do helps. Should I try to talk to her more about it? What can I do for myself? I've gotten myself in a bit of hot water by scaring a friend of mine and I feel awful about it because they said they don't want to talk to me just yet as they said they're scared of talking.I don't want to do this. I can't control myself and I always get angry at trivial things like just playing video games. That one's the worst offender, if it's anything competitive I tend to lose myself and just explode.What do I do?
My anger is out of control with my older sister. we're four years apart but my sister has said things that have hurt me and our relationship is like walking on eggshells. At the end of our conversations or small talk I always end up blowing up because I can't handle her words and my parents have always favored her more then me and now I see that people in my family are afraid of me. At work, I hide my anger pretty well but when I get home I just can't control it
Using a throwaway account here, for all the usual reasons. Any input, advice or suggestions you can offer would be appreciated. Just getting it off my chest would be helpful.I live in a pretty dense urban area, and have a long commute (walking, then riding the local train system, then walking again) which takes maybe 70 minutes one way. Normally, I read or listen to music as I'm able to. I kind of do my own thing, but do have to rush to make it to/from work in time, or deal with childcare.Increasingly, I've been getting annoyed, angered, and even furious with people who I encounter on my commute - since everybody mostly follows the same schedule, you see the same people every day, week after week, month after month. People cut in line in front of you, crowd you on the sidewalk, don't look where they're going, bury their heads in their phones, etc., etc. My internal monologue is like "this guy again...no, you can't cut in front of me," "god, look at this idiot, why is he wearing shorts when it's 30 degrees out," that sort of thing. Petty, stupid anger and annoyance aimed at a lot of people that truly don't deserve it. And it's not just on my commute, either, but pretty consistently when I'm running errands, shopping, whatever.Well, anyway, recently I got on my train as usual, and cut someone off as I grabbed my the seat I habitually sit in. I was acting out of anger and frustration, I admit. Without going into specifics, I was pushed and words were exchanged. I managed to blow it off, but now have to rearrange my commute to avoid this person. I'm short, middle aged, no fighter, and am not physically intimidating in the least.At this point, I'm thinking that a) I'm probably going around like a ball of stress all the time, b) I'm exhibiting this very plainly to people, and c) I'm going to get my ass kicked if I don't reign it in. It's worth noting that I feel this way largely around people I don't know (as opposed to friends, family, coworkers) - maybe because it's away to feel anger toward people without any personal consequences? I don't know. All I know is that I need to act and feel better, and manage my feelings in a more adult way. Any suggestions are welcomed. And thanks.(Edited for clarity)
Is seems everyone including  myself who has anger outbursts has underlying anxiety and it seems to me that there is a connection  between them.
So I never really realized I had anger issues until recently. I'm a fairly shy person and don't really open up to people but with my current boyfriend I am extremely close to him and he sees every side of me, especially because he has been living with me for the past month. I didn't think my anger was any different from others, I guess because I had kept it to myself for so many years, but being around him 24/7 he sees all my outbursts. He's told me that I have some anger issues (not in a mean way, he's very understanding and he just wants to help me). I really don't like being this way because I tend to have bad outbursts over little things and then I can be pretty mean to him and then very apologetic afterwards. I don't like being in this cycle. For an example and reason why I decided to post on here:About a week ago I lost one of my cartilage earrings (but I didn't have a freak out luckely I just got a little sad) but I found it today and had a lot of trouble putting it in. I dropped it while leaning over a dresser with lots of stuff on it, it made me a little panicked because I could not find it. My boyfriend tried to help me but I started getting snappy at him and when I spotted it on the floor I nudged him out of the way. But it didn't stop there, when I got the hoop in my ear I was having so much trouble screwing the tiny ball onto the end of it. Again he tried to help and I started talking to him like a child almost. He got it in for me and as thankful as I was I was still a little frustrated that I couldn't do it myself. I really want to change and be able to control my anger, my boyfriend also really wants to help me but we're unsure what to do. If you guys have any suggestions or anything that could help it's greatly appreciated. I just found this sub today and though maybe some of you would have some tips or anything to help 

Hey guys,I'm a 23 year old guy who's perfectly normal in every sense and has the life I've been imagining for years. I have best friends and make friends really easily, am studying atm and all in all I'm living the life.There's only one thing I'm scared about.Sometimes I just get angry. I don't know where it comes from but it's sudden and I contain it inside myself till I'm alone. When I'm by myself I start hitting walls until my hand is fucked up and bleeds.And I always think about killing someone, if only there was no law. I'm not scared of getting punished. I just don't want to end up in jail and lose my freedom. Because I know myself that when I get into jail I will never get out again, because I would start killing inmates for fun and try to make them feel terror they've never experienced thus never getting out and losing my freedom.The only thing that holds me back is the law. I always feel like the law is holding me back from achieving true freedom where the strongest survives. No. I don't think that I'm the strongest but it's that feeling of adrenaline and power that makes me feel alive. I rarely get into fights because I feel like there's no point in it if I get reported to the police afterwards for breaking his arms and legs and making his death the most painful possible (I had to pay fines for breaking someones back and he had to rehab for 3 months). I feel like I need help but I know one thing for sure: I will drop all and everything in my life and start killing people when there is no law anymore. Hopefully this doesn't happen since I don't want to become that kind of person.Thanks for reading and excuse my bad english.Edit: I'm not scared of getting killed myself. That's why survival of the strongest
Pretext, this is a rant, and feel free to read/comment/question/respond/ignore at your own leisure.What is anger?  It's something I've been contemplating, and something I've had my mind on.  Not just being angry, but a state of anger, when the gears are constantly turning, your heart is constantly pumping, and there's that fire behind your eyes that you can't seem to put out.  Sure, you can use drugs and intoxicants to alleviate, but at best it's a distraction, and at worst it only acts as fuel.  But I digress, it's something to constantly live with and deal with, as a lingering fear, that one day you just might finally snap, that someone will finally give you that excuse to let you beat them to a bloody pulp.  But until then, you have to settle for the weight room, or the nearest brick wall, and God knows I've looked like a feral man trying to pump out that last rep, and  I've bloodied enough knuckles on brick and concrete that I should have learned to stop.  In terms of the latter, I've had a psychiatrist tell me that it's a form of self harm, and she might be right.  I engage in enough self destructive behavior to warrant that diagnosis, and the effects are the same: pain as a vessel for that endorphin rush, something to artificially boost that natural high to distract.  And that's what it always boils down to, isn't it?  Distraction.  And I don't know about you, but I build my life around it.  I am the self proclaimed master of casual escapism, and I have an out for almost every situation (the ADHD doesn't help that much either, but that's for a different sub and a different day).  So what is it that I'm constantly running from, escaping from, going towards?It becomes clear to me, but only when I'm too bruised to give the support pillar outside my apartment the beating I've condemned it to endure, and after my voice is hoarse from shouting at the sky, at no one in particular.  This might be different for everyone, but I am angry at what I can't change, be, or control.  Be it home, work, school, or romantically, I can't help but shake the feeling that everything is off, that things aren't aligning as they should, and that there's nothing I can do to stop the gears of life from grinding.  Now logically, I know that's false, but that doesn't change the feeling of existential dread and fear that I feel like I need to confront on a daily basis.  And I'm not narcissistic enough to think I'm unique, or even anything other than common in these thoughts, but then it boils down to how I handle this.  As would be expected, as a kid, the only way my folks knew how to handle problems was to yell, and as I grew up, it only got longer, louder, and more frequent (to give them their due I was a little shit).But to digress once more, is anger then just the trained response to the uncontrollable unknown?  Or is it something deeper, more genetic, more engrained.  I would need much more information to answer that question, but all I know is that in order to treat a problem, you need to understand it.  And I need to stop running away from it.  But that's a rant for another time.
Every person Ive met has always treated me like sh*t, they always treat me like Im always wrong, no matter what I say, they just look at me like Im a idiot like Im stupid for even living. It makes things more worse then anything like theres no point in living anymore why should I live anyway? What's the point in even talking... nobody cares what I have to say anyway.
I've been holding onto grudges against people who anger me for a long time. The earliest ones were in elementary school. I'm currently halfway through college, and the mere thought or sight of them still angers me. Many believe I do not have a reason to hold on to them any longer, but I have such a hard time letting go. I really hate it when people say that my anger for someone is self-inflicted. If I am holding a grudge against someone, they obviously have made me angry in some way. People think that my thinking is extremely distorted because of my diagnosis. I sometimes don't know how to express why I am angry at someone because of it.Many of the reasons why people anger me seem to be trivial to others. For instance, I become angry at someone because of the way he/she treats me. Whenever I bring up my anger toward them in conversation, I am constantly told to "grow up", "get over it already", and even "STFU". Some even think I will snap and do something crazy. To be honest, I've had many anger outbursts in my past, some of them physical, but many of them verbal.FYI, I've seen up to five therapists at a time to date, but none have helped with my anger management. Many of the strategies they tried with me, such as deep breathing, have never helped. I can't even write in a diary on a daily basis because I have little time for myself. On that note, not even my hobbies have helped. Thus, my anger has been left untamed for a long time.I don't think I can control myself anymore at this point. Everything's been building up until now. I don't have a way to vent anywhere safely, not even at home. What can I do to tame my anger?
Step mother hit me several times, she was territorial and wanted me out of the house from 12 to 19. It was a very passive aggressive situation both for me and father. Mother was hundred miles away and I did not like to talk about it, as she was unable to understand my introversion.Situation at school was the same, I got mocked and stepped on, sometimes hit, was not popular and had zero socialisation with other teenagers. Got bullied and threatened once, was continuously treated like shit but was afraid of straying alone.I now have authority issues, low self esteem, never worked for a salary, and no degree. I can barely support myself.Psychiatrist says I'm not depressed but have a difficult personality. Sometimes i think about suicide by cop or overdosing morphine in a forest. I hate the entire world for my problems.I do have qualities, but i have fears and its a huge source of frustration since im unable to enjoy the minimal amount of social life which is very isolating (gaming, porn, hiking alone). Im not a drug addict nor overweight, but can be sociopathic for the slightest thing.
I just never have been able to truly hurt someone, so I have learned to internalize it.I care too much for my fellow man to make myself truly hurt others.But, whenever I let out steam, I feel so much better when I am in a situation that allows me to get my anger out, but its been such a long time since I were in such a situation, so it feels like it just wont empty out...I hate feeling angry, although its one hell of a drug...
If someone gives me a smug attitude, looks at me weird, flips me off, backtalks to me etc. I always feel the need to 'put them in their place' and retaliate back 10x harder. I need to intimidate them, anything to make them bend to my will.Its like I can never let anything go. If I feel disrespected I have to pursue it or I'll feel like a pussy and inadequate. My ego is way too fragile, it always feels like I have something to prove to myselfDoes anyone else have this issue? 
I'm just going to make this short because I need to go and blow some steam off. I'm going swimming.I get so mad to the point now where I throw things.I'm not a violent person mind you though... I've created holes in my walls. I can't seem to grasp self controll at all. I can't even enjoy video games anymore because I've broken 2 controllers. I throw my Nintendo 3DS across the room like a baseball. I always curse like sailor and It's the heat of the moment. I'm either a very shy and nice person or I'm the spawn of satans feces and I absolutely grind into rage. I have no idea how to fix this. I'm asking for advice. Weather it be arguing, Games, stupid people being stupid or my friends trying to get me to do dumb ass drugs I flip my shit. I'm not sure how else to go about it. Thanks. I'm going swimming. 
Hey guys!I'm not really looking for advice like "Go see a psychologist" or "You should go in anger management".But I really like to know how you guys feel and how you guys prevent feeling annoyed.I want to tell you what happens to me when I get angry. Because I really feel the need to talk about it and to see if someone feels the same.Always when something annoys/frustrates me I get that same feeling in my hand. It's always my right hand. The area under my thumb.It'll start to feel cold and oddly stingy. When someone or something annoys me even more when I have that feeling I get irrationally angry. I get so angry that I can't fully control my anger. I will always try to tell a sentence normally when I'm in a annoying discussion. But I mostly can't control it. I will raise my voice and say something like "Fuckface" or "Asshole". My vision becomes blurry as soon as I say something like that.When I try to tell people to stop talking about the subject/making that sound or to leave me alone they usually continue bashing about what I said to them (eventhough they know I do this and sort of why it happens).The feeling in my hands will get worse and I'll become frustrated. At that point I usually yell at them or hit something, while trying to explain why they should shut the fuck up.If they even cross that point I will become aggressive/violent. While this all sounds extreme, the last few things it don't happen very often. It mostly stops when I call someone names.I'm not blaming these people by the way. Thanks for reading!
BackstoryWorking at a startup restaurant in a Hybrid position with several tasks. We have yet to open. There are two owners, one being a culinary individual and the other, his partner, is a clinical psychologist. On Monday the clinical psych. had asked me in person to design the new menus for the restaurant and as a design student who graduated in April I said, " Yes. ". So yesterday I emailed her to clarify two things: The TimeThe appropriation of cost for the consultation. She indefinitely said no and it really, really pissed me off... She said she was now going to do it herself and even rejected my secondary email responding to her pivot where I had then corrected myself and still offered my services for my usual base rate ( though, for kitchen and serving duties ). I don't know guys... please help... why would I get so uppity over something like being rejected for designing a menu?  
I work at Walmart.Tonight these two women, probably a mother and daughter, come through my line with a bunch of shirts and other crap. I stop halfway through, thinking they're separate orders and say the total. "Um, we're not done, there's more here," the daughter sneers. "There's more, I have this stuff," sneers the mother.Their tone really pisses me off. I guess the mother senses I'm pissed because she's like "Is that a problem? Are you okay?"What a pair of cunts. When they left, I gave them a receipt and said nothing. They can go fuck themselves.
*Socrates might have said**that silence is a gift to some**but I don't really want to bet**You'll never speak one word to me*
I will keep this short. I have dealt with anger issues since I was a child and over the past year I have mostly gotten a hand on them. However I still have occasional blow up that have been violent.It is taking a toll on my life again.I am unemployed and would really like to find an anger management group. I need something free. I need to take actions to resolve this problem in me. I meditate, I identify spiritually as Buddhist. I think I need to be part of a group or community to get to the next step. Does anyone have advice?
First post. It's only just gotten through my head that I should look to getting some help. I have trouble processing most emotions but sometimes, if I ever get overwhelmed by frustration, I'll go into frenzy where my vision narrows and burns and it's all I can do not to tear apart everything around me. I feel both shackled and unhinged all at once. Every so often, a slow simmer will come over me, like a restless buzzing. Writing this has helped though. I think it's about time I went back to working out. Maybe meditation will help too? 
Anytime someone disrespects me in any way, or talks back to me I feel like ripping their head off. Like beating the shit out of them with a metal baseball bat or caving their face in, or just curb stomp the fuck out of them. I obviously control the urges very well, but inside I feel like tearing the person apart. I start wishing for the most painful death to fall upon the personDoes anyone else get this?
For the past three nights, I have had major trouble with falling asleep. Every night, I look at my clock and it says 6:00 AM. It is driving me mad and no matter when I lay down on that fucking bed, be it 10:00 PM or 1:00 AM, I can't fucking sleep. Yesterday was the first time I've ever had to rely on alcohol to help me sleep. I don't know why its happening but it's affecting me, I'm more irritable and it's pissing me the fuck off. I feel like this it's due to a loss I experienced on Wednesday. I'm wondering if this will be resolved, and it's building up. I'm worried that I might blow up on someone or something.
So I'm 15, and as is expected my hormones are all over the place and I get angry very easily. Thing is, I find it so ridiculously hard to keep it in that I end up snapping at people - usually my parents - for the stupidest things. I think I inherited this trait from my dad, and as I'm moving in with him in August I desperately need to find a way of controlling myself (falling outs with him result in at least a whole day of tutting, ignoring each other, and only speaking in that sort of sarcastic rude tone - I'm scared of the fights becoming physical one day). Usually I don't snap in front of my friends or classmates, preferring to have a tantrum by myself when I'm alone at home (screaming, punching walls, etc). This is stuff I don't usually tell people because I HATE this side of me and I don't want anyone to have to deal with it. I don't know if it's relevant but I also have anxiety issues and depressive thoughts which come and go depending on the week.
Hello /r/angerI found this subreddit and figured i'd give it a try asking for some advice. I have been trying to control my game centered anger for a long time, but it seems to be getting worse. Traditonal methods like taking deep breathes, breaks etc dont work. Here's more detail in case there is someone out there like me.I am a very calm person is every day life, and almost nothing makes me mad. Only *online competitive gaming.* Not single player, not coop. I have studied my own behaviour for a long time in an attempt to try to control it, and I can actually pinpoint the exact aspects that make so angry. **I get a mentality while i'm playing that I am better than everyone else.** In reality, I truly am above average, as I spend an inordinate amount of time playing games, and I generaly I perform well. But I am by no means the best. That is stupid. Here is the typical process that leads to my anger almost every day:I sit down clear headed, hoping today will be the day i don't rage quit. I think about the things that make me mad, and vow to try to be different this time. I am tired of replacing keyboards and monitors, and i just want to have fun. Everything is fine as long as i'm performing average or better. Then one particular thing will happen that sets up a chain reaction of no return.  Someone lesser in my mind beats me, and i feel humiliated. And its usually in a humiliating way too, like i tried to do something badass and failed. This starts the blood rushing to my face, I NEED to get them back, to prove myself. This is why the 'calm down and take a break' method doesn't work for me. In my mind that is admitting defeat. So now I am slightly angry, and probably spouting a bunch of bullshit about how they got lucky or my teammates are idiots. Now I am on tilt, and most likely they will beat me again. Now it gets bad. Since I have built up excuses in my mind about why they beat me the first time and why I am still better, this second loss sends me into a frenzy. I start desperately trying to climb back to prove myself. Sometimes I do come back and the anger fades of course, but most of the time I don't. I will lose again, and ultimately I will smash my monitor or keyboard. I don't want to do this, but my mind goes blank and it seems like the only thing to do. The silver lining to this is it calms me down. The utter regret of seeing my now broken monitor replaces ALL anger with sadness and self-loathing. I then spend the next hour making repairs to whatever I broke, and just wishing I wasn't the way I was.I have noticed that it is impossible for me to acknowledge that someone else is better than me. I have never said those words, not even in my own head. It's like I can't accept that there are people who are better, and its very child like and humiliating. When I play with other people and they say things like "dang he's good" or "nice shot" and other good sportsman type things, I am just in awe about how they can do this. I want to be able to say 'Good Game' after a loss and truly mean it. Usually I just type the words and think the opposite.Is there some way to change this stupid mentality? Some way to not feel so humiliated by a loss? The simple answer seems to be just accept that people are better than me and try to have fun and improve. But the gaming part of my brain is almost like a different person than the rational one that is typing this right now. I would be very interested in talking to someone who can relate to this. I am willing to try anything. In the past I have just completely stopped playing some games from fear of my own anger, and even now I often stick to single player or coop games to avoid anything competitive.Please, I love competitive gaming and I hate being this way. I feel like I have no hope since I can't even solve this in my own mind, so why would anyone else be able to help? Thank you in advance...
I have never been an angry person. I have always been described as a very patient, polite person and still maintain that image with most people. With my family (or other people I live with, in different situations as I'm a college student) and myself, I am having a lot of trouble dealing with small frustrations getting blown out of proportion, leading to what I can only describe as a toddler-like temper tantrum. Small stressors and frustrations have me very upset. For example -- someone else gets in the shower right before I am thinking of taking a shower. Minor annoyance seems normal in this situation but I suddenly find myself screaming and stomping feet and getting all upset for what seems like a stupid reason 5 minutes later. Another example from just today is that I was stuck in traffic getting off a certain exit -- stressful -- when someone comes along and tries to cut in front of me just as I am about to finally exit. I start screaming and get myself so worked up that I am hitting myself in the face and crying. I misplace something and feel stupid for misplacing it, I start yelling at everyone who is trying to help me. I get stressed out or agitated and start do the hitting myself in the face thing and crying. I am worried I am going to physically injure myself severely -- I always end up hitting myself repeatedly and then five minutes later I cannot understand why I did that -- or that I will take it physically out on someone else (for the record, I do believe I have enough self control to avoid this, and it has NEVER come close to this as thus far I can control myself at work/in public, but I still worry, especially since I work with children) and it scares me that I have these weird periods of anger/total lack of self control when "normally" I am a quite docile person. Any thoughts? I feel like I am losing it, not to mention burning bridges with everyone who sees me like this. It has come to the point where this is daily and I do not believe I am enjoyable to be around anymore at home. 
When it rains, it pours. When I get angry, I explode. I try to hold myself back but that only goes so far. My phone has a cracked screen from throwing it down on the concrete over and over when it wouldn't send a text. My Ipod is shattered from launching it down the street out of frustration. There's a hole in my wall by my bed where my fist went through it. But you know what? I see all of these things and they should make me angry but they don't. They make me want to cry. I look at everything I've broken and it's just a reminder of the damage I do. It's a reminder that I'm a shitty person no matter how hard I try not to be. Lots of people like me; lots of people think I'm funny or talented or what have you, but they believe these things based on their limited perception. If they saw every aspect of me, all my faults along with my surface qualities, I don't believe they would think as highly of me. I'm trying to change things but it's hard to see what's on the other side and so it's easy to give up. I just wish I didn't have to read even encouraging texts from friends through a reminder of my past actions. Thanks for listening guys. Thoughts and advice are welcome. 
I usually deal with my anger issues by smoking cannabis, being mindful, and trying to sit with my emotions rather than act out, try to ignore them, or fall into an angry thought spiral. I've been out of weed for a few weeks now. With the progress I have been making on being mindful, things had been a bit more difficult but nothing I couldn't handle. I had even been proud of myself for doing so well and being more mindful and less reactionary. These are issues I had all my life, but these past few months is the first time that I had a way to deal with it. Today is a different story. It's just when I first started working with mindfulness - frustrating and nearly impossible. My jaw keeps clenching. I'm getting that headache between my eyebrows. I have no patience. Nearly everyone seems stupid and immature. I'm just so stressed and frustrated and I don't want to turn into the snarky, mean asshole those emotions bring out. It's caused issues throughout my current relationship almost from the time we started dating. We've almost broken up multiple times. Lately things have been great between us because I've been making so much progress, but I don't want to go off and hurt my partner again or hurt our relationship. It just makes me more frustrated with myself because I have no reason to feel this way, it just happens. I'm the problem. I don't know what to do. I don't want to be this person or feel this way.
There's something about being angry that makes me feel so empowered and fearless. The adrenaline is like a high. Its the only time where all of my fears and insecurities melt away, I feel invincible. Its only when I calm down that I regret it, but during the rage it's almost euphoric. The problem is I hate the effect of anger, not anger itself 

I feel as if theres something wrong with me, throughout the day, I cantantly feel these bursts of anger, its not really a trigger type of anger, I could minding my own business happen one second and be furiously angry the next. I've suffered with depression for half my life since my father and a good bit of my friends passed away, I'm not angry their gone, just constant thoughts of what I could've done to keep them here. Ive had a lot of violent dreams lately as well that don't really make any sense to me, they're all random but have to do with my life and protecting my family and the ones I love. Don't know any better way to explain it, just had to get that off my chest. 
I can't tell if it is good or bad that this is happening. I deal with anxiety/depression  and ptsd. A lot of terrible feelings come with that. However, I find when I let myself go and just get angry (I'm never hostile or have the urge to physically hurt anyone) that all those feelings go away. It's only for short times, but it allows me to stand up for myself and gives me confidence and a sense of control. Maybe it's a release of chemicals making me feel this way? Maybe it's the feeling of being able to control that emotion? I have no idea. My friends make the joke that I'm the anxious introverted Bruce Banner, but sometimes the Hulk comes out. TL;DR Hulk good or bad?
Dear reddit,I know it may seem harsh that I'd call my mom a bitch, but if you knew her the way I did you'd feel the same way too. She is the biggest bitch on the planet and I really wish I could tell her how I feel. She only cares about her self and never bothers to ask how others feel. She always talks negatively about all her kids and never fucking has anything good to say about them. The sad thing is she talks negatively about everyone to her friends to, which really makes me feel more hurt. Feel that way privately, but openly talking about your kids that way? Fuck you are words I'd love to say to you one day when you're alone and have no one to care for you, that'll be the day when you're dying in an empty room wondering where your kids are that'll be the day bitch you will regret everything.sorry, had to get that out.
I am tired of being angry. Tired of being an angry father. And an angry husband. Whose wife get's angry at him for getting angry. While I'm even angrier at myself for being angry. Again. No, not again, still. It feels like it's been days that the engine of anger has been running.I haven't yelled. I want to. I haven't screamed. I am on the inside. I haven't punched a wall, or slammed my fist down on a table, although every nerve in my body is telling me to.I haven't hit anyone. I never have. I never will. The thought sickens me. But still my day is filled with images where I do.Night after night, always in the short time I think I'll get some piece and quiet before going to bed, the worst of it begins.It starts with a slight thumping on his bedroom wall. Then it builds in volume and intensity, occasionally punctuated by the crash of a toy getting thrown across the room.I stick my head in to see what's going on, he's off in his own world, unaware I'm even watching him. Upside down in the bed, pyjamas half off, one foot kicking the wall, the other pushed against the bottom of the bunk above.I close my eyes. I take a breath. And I calmly remind him to lie down and go to sleep. Then leave.I take a seat, breath slowly, and attempt to regain composure. It's been a long day. Too much of it spend angry. Time now to calm down and enjoy some peace before going to sleep. I concentrate on my breath and my heart, observing it gradually slow, then resume what I was doing before the interruption."Daddy... Daddy... DADDYYYYY!!! I'm hungry".Yes you should be hungry. You didn't eat what I cooked for you. One of only three meals you will eat, when inclined, and tonight you let it all go to waste. I tried to encourage you, bribe you, offer you something else, remind you that you'd get hungry later in the night, but no. You were insistent that you wanted takeaway. I was not going to drive out and get takeaway. Eat what you have. Or have an apple. But no, you weren't interested.So now you're telling me your hungry. Ten minutes go by, offering, negotiating, back and forth, over and over. Eventually you decide you'll have an apple. And now back to bed. For now.Then music. Followed by the baby crying. Not music from a CD, or DVD, or toy, but an instrument. It's 11pm at night, you've been in bed for three hours (and then there was the hour wasted trying to get you to bed), and you've suddenly decided to start playing the ukelele that's sat in the corner of your room untouched for weeks. A fucking ukelele!!! I grit my teeth and it hurts. I realise this is because I was already gritting my teeth, all I did then was grit them harder. Then I realise I'm holding my breath. To keep from screaming. To keep from yelling. To keep from crying in frustration.I stop, I think, I observe. I do all the things I've been told I should do to keep myself in check. My anger. My anxiety. My depression.It doesn't work. Instead my focus merely shifts from the anger, to the realisation that I've failed again. As a father. As a husband. As a man.I can't keep my shit together. I can't do it. Everything is so fucking hard. The simplest fucking things take monumental efforts to achieve only the most fucking pathetic results. Today feels like just another day in the long march towards a nervous fucking breakdown. Another one. The second one that I can't afford. The one I know will be much worse than the first. The one that will send my long suffering wife off on her own long downward spiral into deeper depression, the kind from which you don't return.I'm fucked. I can't leave. As useless as I am to the ones I love, as much trouble and grief my dysfunctional existance causes, leaving will only make things worse. Worse for me I don't care about. Worse for them I do. They don't deserve it. All my wife has done is make the decision to love me back. That was her undoing. And my kids love me despite everything. It's all they know. They don't see how hopeless I am. How hard I try. How all that effort isn't to keep me moving forward, but just to keep me from sliding back. Thinking about it all just makes me angry. So, so fucking angry. But there's no-one to be angry at but me.
Video games, sports, tabletop gaming, I've done all of those and I've gotten SO ANGRY during these experiences that I've been punished, ruined the fun for other people been yelled at, and scared people.My best example would be me during kickball. I will literally scream, curse, and probably turn red if I'm hit out. My most RECENT example would be that my friends and I were doing an RPG over Skype and had to stop because my outbursts were becoming too much for the group to deal with.I felt compelled to find this subreddit tonight because I caught myself saying "Fucking christ" and getting (what I felt was) unreasonably angry over a freaking VIRTUAL GOLF FLASH GAME.Does anybody here know how I can stay calm when I start losing a game? 'Cause at this rate, the things I find fun aren't fun anymore. I haven't even spoken to my ex-GM from the RPG in weeks because I don't want to get angry at him for something stupid and be a horrible bitch again.This anger is going to ruin me, but the stupid "silly humor" bullshit isn't working. I still get angry. Is there something that works for you guys?
I offered to babysit. You idiots, have failed to keep your end of responsibility, and now I have a cranky, screaming, whining, masochistic 2 year old I gotta deal with because of your inability to pack her crib. And ya know, I'm also cranky, screaming, and whining, but I'm gonna fuck your day in a way a 2 year old couldn't. I'm also positive you bitches aren't gonna pay me either, considering I'm still waiting to be paid for taking care of one of your cats. I'll fucking slap the shit out of you. I'm so mad and SHE'S STILL CRYING WTF
Everything is pissing me off. I fucking hate everyone. Today has just been fucking terrible. I'm hungry, there's no food in my house and I'm struggling to put on weight. Fuck everything.
I'd consider myself a pretty normal and caring person. And am very professional and level headed in work/formal settings. But when I'm not trying to impress anyone its very easy for me to fly off the handle. I let my emotions run wild without hesitation, I don't even feel like controlling it even though I could if I tried. Like today I was at a 4way stop and a person went before his turn, so I basically gave him a few long honks and tailgated him out of spite, after about a minute I realized how ridiculous I was being and let off the gas, then went my own direction. I feel like I could easily control my anger if I wanted to, but most of the time I don't even try controlling it. I just let out my anger without hesitation, then I regret it alot afterwords.My friends and coworkers think I'm great, but they don't know the other side of me. I can turn into a monster in a split secondI realize that I'm a fuckin asshole for not controlling my anger when I have the power to, I just wanted to see if there's anyway I can overcome this, and if anyone felt the same way?Also wanted to add that I have suicidal tendencies, so when I begin to rage  I tend to get a 'fuck it' attitude and go all the way instead of holding back. 
Book is $17 at Barnes n Noble and online. Read below if you want, I tried to be as honest as possible. I know first hand how anger can harm you and the people around you, so please consider reading. I see posts here where you guys described anger hurting your wives, husbands, siblings, and Children. It breaks my heart and I want to help.So last year I was going through a rough patch. As a result I went into my default, which is being angry, defensive, and shelled up. I saw the effects of it and they sucked, I lost touch with close friends, hurt the feelings of the people I cared about. This whole time I didn't know what to do and felt helpless. It didn't help that I have a history of past abuse and a toxic home environment. I was barely going to classes and barely made it through finals week.Finally I got fed up and just broke down, it just seemed like the world was constantly applying pressure and I was breaking. I called the person that I trusted most, my high school wrestling coach. I grew up without a dad, mine died when I was 6. He got me through a lot and made me feel like somebody out there cared about me. We had a long discussion and I just poured my heart out, it was exhausting. He shared some problems he had and how he dealt with them. They revolved heavily on anger, resentment, and bitterness. I trusted him enough to do anything that he thought would help. So he recommended therapy and a book. This book, When Anger Hurts, is the most life changing one I ever read. I cried reading some chapters because it brought out old, sometimes traumatic memories. I was forced to be honest with myself and confront the reality of how I was behaving. Times I wanted to put it down and not read it ever again, it was exhausting but I worked through it. Now I have a new set of skills to deal with my anger, and save myself and people I care about from it. More importantly the quality of life changed positively, I see the world through different eyes now. It's not all black and white anymore. I noticed myself generalizing and labeling people. Idiot, asshole, dumbass, worthless piece of shit. But the most damaging part was that I missed seeing them for who they really are, I missed seeing their potential, their talent.Btw this isn't the kind of book that you read in one sitting. You really should take it slowly and try to think after reading a bit. No rush guys, just slowly improve.
I've broken a lot of things lately. About a week ago I was in a pretty bad mood already so I was walking my dog and listening to music to try to calm down. The Ipod kept cutting out so I pulled it out of my pocket, yanked the headphones out and threw it down the street. It shattered as it hit the ground. A few days ago I was trying to be on top of things, get things done that needed to be done. So I was changing my guitar strings, which was long overdue, got frustrated, punched a hole in my wall, stormed out of my house and walked ten miles, through three cities. My dad had to come pick me up and needless to say he wasn't exactly thrilled. A few nights ago I was drunk and trying to send a text (which seemed like a fantastic idea at the time) and it wouldn't send so I threw my phone against the ground until the screen shattered. I hate myself for it every time I do something like this. I always look back and know that it wasn't rational and wasn't justified in any sense. I want to believe that I'm a good person, or that at least I'm worth something but every time this happens I sink lower. My life has very little direction and I have very little drive to find one. I'm in college but even there I feel like I'm just biding time until it becomes obvious how much of a failure I am. 
I don't know where that surge of anger came from. My son was being difficult and I came unglued. I just yelled at him like a lunatic. He's 5. My 7-year-old daughter, who is brilliant, wasn't happy about it. To top it off, my 3 amd a half-year-old niece is here and saw it all. My kids are barely talking to me. In my frustration, I kicked a plastic chair and broke it. My wife paid $20 apiece for these chairs. She's going to be very mad because we can't afford to just up and buy another. But that's not the point. I lost it and I am embarrassed. I know I need some form of anger management but I don't know if it's available in my area, how much it costs and if insurance might cover it. Not to mention, I don't want my employers to know I'm attending counseling for anger issues. Any sessions I'm sure would be scheduled during work hours and I can't afford to take time off. So I'm stuck with a big ball of anger, the possibility of real solutions and no direction to turn
I have had these recurring dreams where I am incredibly angry with members of my family, mainly because they do not listen to me. I become loud, and incredibly aggressive in these dreams, normally violent. I am noticing this anger has, in recent years, come to visit upon them. My sisters were hurtful and emotionally and psychologically abusive to me in my younger years and I feel I am finally letting that anger out on them in the real world. But I don't think these dreams are going away just yet.How do I deal with such repressed, subconscious anger that seems to come out now that I am dealing with these issues openly?
If I have has a bad day at work or in general I project my anger and blame onto others. My family and husband mostly and they are patient with me, but it's gotten to a point where they are saying I really do need to seek help. Does anyone have any advise. I do have medicare from my state and they said it's about a month and a half wait. I wanted to know if anyone has advice.
I get angry from time to time, it's only human. I haven't gotten really mad in a while though and today something made my blood boil.I commute to work, which about twenty five minutes or so, and lately there's been a good amount of traffic on the two highways I take to and from my job. This usually isn't all that big of a deal and I typically coast into the right lane for my exits and things after riding in the passing lane to shorten the distance home. Usually this isn't a problem; I let people merge, I let people pass me with little issue, etc. Today however, I'm nearing my first exit and the car in front of me is going a little bit too slowly. They keep breaking and with each press of their breaks, they slow to maybe 25 mph or so and the exit's speed limit is 35. No problem, I break accordingly and let them do their thing. However, a black SUV behind me won't slow down and only comes to a stop when he realizes that we aren't moving quickly. He gets about of a foot away from my car and precedes to ride on my bumper for the distance leading up to the exit as whole of the exit itself. I want to get away from this guy, so when I merge onto the next highway, I quickly move into the left lane, hoping to speed away from this guy. The SUV guy wised up and preceded to speed in the right lane to match my speed and overtake me but a car gets in his way and he gets stuck momentarily. I flip him off and having though I had shaken him off, I moved back into the right lane and slowed down. Zooming out of the left lane comes the SUV and he slams into the right lane, right in front of me. He slows down to a dangerously slow speed for the road (the speed limit is 50 and he was easily going 30) and he turns on his windshield wipers in an attempt to coat my windshield mist. A State Trooper was lying in wait on the side of the highway, so the SUV guys cuts the shit and sped up and turned off his wipers. After passing the Trooper, the SUV returned to his bullshit but this time, every attempt I made to pass him or to move into another lane, he did so first or did it preemptively, even when cars were coming. I decided that it wasn't worth it to keep trying to pass the guy, so I slowed down and backed off. The SUV slowed down too but since the road was now open, I let him move on. He sped away and I didn't see him for a while.Later, as I'm pulling towards my home exit, I see the same SUV pulling towards it too. I knew it was him. I precede to let a car and some distance fill the gap between the SUV and I. I slow down so I don't have to sit behind this guy at the stop sign at the mouth of the exit. I thought about following him home. I thought about leaving a message. I thought about hurting him. And then I realized that all of this anger was irrational. I realized that this guy was a childish, selfish and shitty person as well as a shitty driver. I realized that I shouldn't be so angry just because a grown man can't just let someone pass him on the road. 
I was recently kicked out of a movie theater for kicking a claw game because I had 4 plushies drop out of a claw that almost were dropped in the win box. Video games make me angry too, (multiplayer games like FPS or League usually, not really single player).Ways to try to calm down?
This is a problem I've had for the past year or so. I've been living in a dark world for the past 3-4 years. I've been dealing with suicidal thoughts, depression, anxiety.. the list goes on. I haven't talked to anyone because I just don't like talking about it. I keep to myself. When I try to talk to someone, I don't like it.I have a really short fuse. It's really fucking with me. I get pissed off really easy. Have very bad thoughts. I'm angry as I'm typing this.I was watching the fights tonight (UFC 189) with my father and he started talking about my school (I've been a bad student, have a 1.5 GPA) and I instantly flew off the handle. He claimed he was fucking with me (he doesn't care about my school, nor does my mom. As long as I get my diploma, I'm good) and got angry with me and a fight (not physical) ensued.If someone says something smart to me, no matter the circumstance, I get pissed off. It can be a friend fucking around, whatever, I get pissed.I just don't know what to do. I'm scared that one day I'm going to lose control and do some really, really fucked up shit. I'm just sick of living like this.
I have anger issues. My anger is 95% of the time as a result of something my fiance said or did.For example. Tonight. We had a great dinner and cupcakes for desert. We drove home after, because we were at families house. We started watching a movie and she starts eating chips and a peach. My fiance is not overweight. She weighs about 130-135. She is 5'4".  If she were a child, I would tell her to not eat chips after dinner and desert. But she is an adult. And changing eating habits is incredibly difficult. So my anger is on me. And she did nothing wrong.Her eating chips immediately makes me angry and I become quiet the rest of the night.This is just one example of my anger issues. And it is a result of what I assume are control issues I have. And wanting her to be 10 points thinner.I hate feeling this way. I need help or a direction on how to start dealing with my anger.
Hey guys! I think I have an anger problem. My mom(single mother) has always been an incredibly angry person and has kind of abused me, but I think it has reached the point for me as a relief mechanism. Like I'll literally scream to the top of my lungs over and over and over again, kick things, throw things, and just say the most awful stuff. But in those moments I feel valiant. Invincible. Like I am accomplishing something meaningful...I don't know. And this rage just fills my veins, to the point where I will scream in my mom's face over and over and over again that I want her to die, that I deeply wish her to just drop dead, that I just deeply hate her. That I just want her to leave my life forever. And in those moments, I know I look insane. I know I get this look in my eyes that really freaks her out, freaks people out....and sometimes, when I have to wake up early or am stressed out by daily factors of the teenage life, I get these intense mental thoughts of just taking knives near me in the kitchen and just stabbing her deep in the back, but then I realize that I don't want to go to jail....so then I start feeling these intense suicidal tendencies. Like I guess I feel bad for wanting to kill people for very tedious reasons (like their voice is annoying) and so I end up wanting to hurt myself and die. I want people to end up finding my body and screaming in shock...I want to kill myself mainly to make other people's lives worse, make them live in pain and regret.I am a horrible person.But the thing is, I have kept this hidden perfectly from literally everybody else. I am a honor roll student, I do a bunch of extra curriculars,leadership roles, gotten citizenship awards, volunteer,  get's all A's in all ap classes, many of my peers would describe me as quite smart, quirky, and funny I guess. Many would call me kind and understanding. I have a big friend circle, and a boyfriend who knows a little bit about this, but I tell him very little because I believe it freaks him out. But yet most of the time I feel pretty happy. Like I went through alot of shit tbh in my past childhood, but I feel like I am dealing with it well....I just don't know why I get so angry. I am scared I am going to hurt someone, like for real. I am also scared that I'll just decide to take the other route and try to hurt myself, because when those urges hit they are SEVERE. Like I can't be near knives and razors or pills, there's just something drawing me to them.I guess most of all, I'm afraid I'm going to end up with a mental disorder with I'm older....because I know through research that 18 is the age when people with psychotic disorders start to show symptoms. Anyway, thank you. Please help!
So usually when i get angry, i hurt myself in some other way e.g. punching, cutting, scratching, hitting etc. I have been clean from cutting for 117 days but i still punch/hit/scratch myself every time i'm angry or sad. Anyone know how i can stop this? My hands are numb just typing, i can barely feel them and every time i touch my wrists i'm in agony because i've managed to bruise my bones. This is not how i wanna live my life.
New to this sub and thought I'd share my favorite quote about anger.Anyone have other good ones?
I typed a very long post about a lot of personal demons that don't even exist yet. I stirred up my emotions typing. But I decided to delete it all and leave the question not about me but about you.    Interpret as you please.
If Im honest theres not a day in recent history when it wasnt there. Sometimes it explodes out, sometimes its a quiet bubble. Today its bubbling a little bit but not a hindrance. It just wants to be noticed.Anger and thoughts that gave rise to it popped up during my 15-minute meditation session today. Again, they were not debilitating but they were there as if to shout notice me! notice me! I do notice you, Ive known youve been there for years. Im just not sure what to do about you.Youre not as big as you used to be. Back when all that crap happened that really left me angry. The injustice, the empty promises, the insincerity, the lies, the deception of course it left me angry. Its a normal reaction to the injustice that happened.But youre not as large a monster as you used to be after years of doing all those mental, emotional & psychological exercises. Thank goodness theyve all helped.Maybe youll never go away. Maybe its time to tap into and channel the anger to do something useful for myself and for others. Like a bonfire, it must burn in order to keep others warm.So who shall I keep warm?
Being taking Lithium for the past 5 weeks and after 4 days it started making me irritable as fuck, up the dosage and now I'm boiling hard for "no reason" aside my mental health issues. I have NO ways of relaxing aside from running 10km under heavy rain or waiting 1 week to get into the gym since it's even more expensive now.* I've stopped smoking pot.* I've stopped snorting coke.* I've stopped having one night stands. ( I'm a guy ffs. They told me this really messes up with my psyche )* I've stopped cutting.* I've stopped driving without license.* I've stopped drinking alcohol.* I've stopped drinking coffee.* I've stopped smoking cigarretes. I've stopped everything the pdocs and psychologists told me.It's still undiagnosed, just have being told 6 times that it's NOT Borderline, it's just hard to pin it down.It's still happening, it's still breaking me apart. I'm still losing touch with reality.This shit isn't Ok, It shouldn't be happening.Now I'm boiling hard, just like when my current pdoc took me off Seroquel.I am getting urges today so strong that I'm holding myself from grabbing and destroying the tables, chair, tv, everything that isn't nailed to the ground.Punched the walls 8 times already. **I need something to manage this anger**, my pdoc appointment is 2 weeks away.  I know it's not Lithium side-effect, but it may very well be augmenting something. I really don't want to discuss this with my pdoc since I've tried too many different antidepressants already and will probably look as if I'm just pretending shit now.
The littlest things are getting me enraged and I can't help but punch a wall even though I have my own punching bag. It just provides more of an outlet. I feel like I'm just gonna hurt someone and it terrifies me so I just put more of it on myself. Nearly completely fucked up my hand just now and my knuckles hurt like a bitch and I have to ice it. It's getting worse and worse
I get fed up with people playing with my emotions like anyone else, but this girl keeps saying we can do something and then ignores me until she goes to sleep. She says it's by accident but I still get really fed up with it. Unfortunately my anger goes really far and she told me today she's really hurt by how I blow up at her and I just want to make her feel like she's really important to me.
This is nothing new for me, and perhaps seeing it as a self-fulfilling prophecy is part of the problem.With each relationship I've been in, I've been out of control jealous sometimes.  My boyfriend's friends, co-workers, and exes have always not sat well with me, to say the least.First of all, I don't know why, starting with my first boyfriend, the thought of a boyfriend's exes really gets me obsessed.  I guess I'm paranoid that they were better than me somehow and I can't offer the same/ I'm being compared to them.  I know that even if that's true, it doesn't matter because he has chosen me now and those past relationships are over for a reason.  I know this now in a rational state.  The same thoughts have applied to his friends. I've often not trusted boyfriends' female friends/ my boyfriend's behavior with a female friend.I have never been cheated on as far as I know, either.  No source of this fear.This is a very ugly emotion - jealousy.  It's an evil cycle.  I have low confidence, I express it in the form of raging about women in my boyfriend's life (past or present), I lose more confidence as I've shown such an ugly side of myself.By expressing rage I do mean there has been violence.  In each past relationship I have been the first to strike, always while in a fight about other women - friends, exes, or in porn.Two relationships ago, my ex hit me back only twice in retaliation/ protection.  My last relationship spiraled out of control and it went from retaliation/protection to flat out rage, to the point that he found it ok to strike me when I was angering him somehow verbally - he even broke my nose by headbutting me once while I was trying to pin him down when he wanted to leave the room.Those were really dark times, but somehow we both didn't respect ourselves enough to acknowledge that it needed to end until we'd been together for about 3 years, abuse having started about 6 months into the relationship.I am seeing someone new now and everything had been perfect, and I was so proud of myself for doing it right, thinking I am calmer, and frankly too old (28) and tired to get abusive.  He is a very calm person, and pretty mature.  He has always listened to my ranting with stride and been able to rationalize with me.  He has been carrying us through dark moments.  I expressed my fear to him of this relationship turning out like the last one, fully aware that I was going to hit him someday/ he'd hit back, etc.  He swears he will never hit me back.It finally happened. I get curious and start asking questions about he and his ex's sex life, fueling my rage.  It's out of control.  I rationally know this was idiotic.  And I rationally knew it was idiotic to slap him, even as I was about to do it.  But I slapped him hard across the face and I have the image of his red and angry face stuck in my head.  He pinned me down on the bed and I lay there unaffected, still raging about his ex . . .I have seen pyschologists before.  The most helpful one was in another city I used to live in.  I don't want to lose him because of my rage going out of control...When I'm being rational like this, it all seems so clear:  - don't ask about exes - they don't matter, I'm in his heart now- focus on self-improvement in my free time- don't resign myself to being abusive, make conscious decisions not to do it- tell him I'm feeling angry and one of us walk away...Any tips and tricks I can apply in the moment?  It takes a lot of will-power.I know the number one mistake is to even start thinking about his exes in the first place.  It hadn't happened for many months, but it started to come up as a friend of mine started pursuing my current boyfriend's college girlfriend (small world).  It's awkward and I'm pretty over my friendship with him.  Hypocritically, I am friends with my ex from college, see him at concerts, and have therefore put my new boyfriend in a position to mingle with him a few times.  I have also met my ex's new girlfriend and we have always been very friendly to each other.  Thanks for listening.


This is difficult for me to do. I have always told myself to not show my anger so that I can't hurt the ones I love, but its becoming too much.I'm dealing, on the sidelines, with my brother and his immature ex who have three kids and don't live together. Another brother who is selfish and enough of an ass to kick me out of the shared apartment we were renting. And a controlling self-absorbed sister with a violent ex-marine husband.Add on to that school debt and a shitty job with shitty people in a small town where everyone knows your business and its a recipe for rage. I broke ahit at my job the other night in an uncontrollable anger, and I didn't even realize I did it. I feel like I'm losing my mind...
I'm a male in my early-mid 20's in Canada, I live with my girlfriend who I have known for at least a decade, we have lived together for about three years. I've dealt with anger all my life. Being a fat, socially-awkward child gave me plenty of opportunities to be made to feel angry and have no way to channel or manage that anger in a healthy way.Now, my entire life is a series of incidences where I outpour this overwhelmingly hateful, tactless, (non-physically) violent negativity the moment *anything* prompts me to react negatively at all. And most things prompt me to react negatively. Mostly popular culture, obstacles/challenges in my life, and petty everyday annoyances.I love my partner very much, we have a very developed and healthy relationship. We both talk honestly about our feelings, we both support eachother with our own unique problems (we both deal with depression/anxiety), but I'm emotionally exhausting her with my vitriol, and while she's helped me with finding some resources online and telling me about some of the techniques she's used to change her viewpoint from overwhelmingly negative to one that is more realistic and mature, I've come to a realization on a couple things.Identifying exactly what is making me angry often helps me. Last night I was very angry and self-loathing. I identified I felt disgusting and inadequate because my girlfriend reblogged a picture of some sexy dude from a tv show. My partner is very supportive, not shallow, would and has never wanted or asked me to change my body. I identified that it would be unfair to her to act as though she had offered me an indignity, and it would be unfair to myself to not only compare myself to someone else, but compare myself to someone whose job it is to maintain as flawless a physical appearance as possible. In certain circumstances, looking at the true roots of my feelings does help keep my perspective and soothe my feelings.A lot of the times though, looking at the true roots of my feelings makes me feel my feelings of anger are justified. Let's talk about pop-culture. I fucking *despise* pop and hip-hop. The music sounds terrible, the personalities of the artists disgust and enrage me, the content of the music makes me feel like you would have to be retarded *and* brain-damaged to enjoy it. I think about how fucking Beyonce backed that idiotic "BAN BOSSY" movement, but she's married to Jay "Ninety-nine problems and a bitch ain't one" Z , but no, we couldn't possibly criticize them, AFRICAN AMERICAN CULTURE IS PROUD AND BEAUTIFUL, BLACK LIVES MATTERRRRRAnd then I think about what I just typed, and I think about LeVar Burton, and I think about Cornell West, these amazing, amazing, wonderful human beings, better than I could ever be, and I feel ashamed.But that's getting a little off topic. Basically, I try to identify the roots of my feelings. Sometimes this helps, but sometimes, like if I'm hearing Kanye West hoot and screech about how many disgusting crackwhores he tagged at the club or how much he spent on his shoes, or when I'm watching those horrific fucking abortions that are the Peter Jackson Hobbit movies, I look at why I'm feeling angry, and I feel validated, justified in feeling so. And I know that's wrong.I've made an emphasis on popculture above, and that is a big problem for me. I pay way too much attention to it, but like, something else bothered me.This morning is the second day I've been trying to work out, because I feel disgusted by my body (having an AMA of a dude who had his man-tits surgically removed on the front page this morning of course really helped, and by helped I mean reminded me how much my own fucking body disgusts me), and I overdid it yesterday so one of my arms is in so much pain that I can't straighten it out. I got pissed off about that. My girlfriend suggested if I still wanted to work out that she wants me to be very careful with my arm and not do anything with it, but that squats might be good. That helped. I thought about biking hard as fuck for an hour or two. I got fucking pissed knowing that I wouldn't do that, because I work at 5pm, fucking hate my job, and therefore consider not having two hours to do nothing beforehand a fate worse than death. See? I'm a LAZY fucker, too. So I turned my attention to doing some job-searching and planning for an attempt to enroll in a college for a fish-and-wildlife-tech program I wanna do. All I could do was get fucking furious about all the obstacles that were in my way. I thought about how little money I have now and how much stress it causes me, thought about how much shittier life would be if I not only made less money, but if I had to still continue to work AND go to school on top of it, and it just got me more angry. And then I thought about all the stupid fucking accessories that come along with post-secondary education nowadays - gotta keep up to date with all sorts of fucking updates that will be either online, told to you in class, or posted on-campus. If you aren't totally on the fucking ball, you WILL miss something and it WILL bite you in the ass and you WILL fail and you WILL have to pay more money because you WILL need to go again. The campus I want to go to is a town over, I can't even fucking drive yet, there is a shuttle bus but that means I'd need to build my school schedule around the shuttle but what if I can't? THAT PISSES ME THE FUCK OFF.That's awful to feel that way, that's so fucking counterproductive to my growth.I'm gonna try and list the main points here to make more sense, this post started off very focussed and got very unfocussed as it went on **tl;dr*** I feel like, compared to what a man should be, and has been in history, I am a disgusting, milk-titted, pale, soft, skilless man-child, and that pisses me off. * When I feel angry I have been trying to identify the causes and origins of my anger, what feelings I'm feeling underneath. Sometimes this helps, sometimes I feel entirely justified. This is not helping, and causing myself and my valued partner emotional exhaustion and harm.
When I was around 12, my stepfather died unexpectedly. A couple days after, my Mother took my siblings and I to the first transformers movie in theaters to try and take our mind off things. While the previews start to roll... My brother (who is 5) starts to cry. This causes some dude to get out of his seat and tell my Mom to "shut her kid up." My Mom then tells this dude "relax, he's 5 and just lost someone, stop being a nazi". Which grabs the attention of his wife who comes over to us and SCREAMS at my Mom for not respecting her military serving husband. She then threatens to beat the shit out of my Mom and us. All I remember doing after that is my Mom holding on to the 3 of us and trying to keep the crazy bitch away. How could someone do that... To kids... I was traumatized.I was terrified and angry after that... The anger kept building up and building up... And ever since then, I have troubles dealing with people. I see everyone as a monster. I can't stand leaving the house and going anywhere public anymore. I can't get over this moment. It cycles through my head almost every single day. And it's driving me insane... I want to let it go... I want to trust people and I want to feel comfortable in public places. But I can't... it feels like the anger fuels me.  
Hi /r/Anger,Looking for a suitable place to vent or talk about some issues I'm having. I'll try and keep it as brief as possible.I'm a 24 year old male with a pretty bad past relationship with anger issues. As a child around the age of 10-13 I developed very bad anger issues, I was also extremely violent. I would hit others , family or friends, without any prior thought or care for consequence or their feelings, I would smash things. I was terrible and eventually got help to sort out my anger and the root causes.Since then until now my anger management has been great, I no longer need to hit people to control my anger, I don't get the urge anymore, nor do I need to smash or break anything. In fact its now even rare for me to get angry, as I've learned to control myself a lot more as I got older and became an adult.However the other day a huge family fight broke out and I ended up getting angry. For the first time in a long time I got very angry. I had urges to hit people, my family members, I wanted to grab someone and rip them in half. My sister who is 19 was the one who was arguing with me, and in my head I pictured myself just punching her. Now when I was younger, before the thought could even go through my head, I would do it, without hesitation. But this time I pictured it happening... it was almost like time froze. I immediately felt really guilty. Like really bad. I *knew* it was something wrong to do, and I knew that is was totally wrong, but the angry part of me just wanted to do it. I happily ended up not doing it but since that I've been feeling really bad that I even had the urge.I've been feeling guilty about it non stop. I can't believe in my fit of rage that I actually had the urge to do something so horrible, that I would be capable of physically harming my younger sister, or anyone, but my sister is much smaller than me and the fact I was going to hurt someone I love is making me feel sick with guilt. On the other hand, I'm telling myself that I did indeed stop myself, and that I didn't do it, but is that even something to be proud of? I shouldn't be proud that I stopped myself from punching my sister.It scared me, I'm so glad I stopped myself but it was like time froze and I pictured myself doing it. I immediately felt bad, and knew it was wrong, and since that moment I just feel so bad. I haven't gotten this angry in a long time, but I'm just so ashamed of myself. It's the first time I've gotten a violent urge in a long time, and I hope it doesn't happen again. Sorry if this sounds like a pointless post, just wanted to rant. Honestly I've come so far with my anger management in the last 10+ years, this was the first bad lapse I've had in that timespan.
Today I struggled through the day with bad stomach pain. Going home sick wasn't an option. Neither was sitting in the back until the pain subsided.People were asking me to smile. Repeatedly. I admit I don't love my job and get dickheads asking me to smile quite often. But today, when I was actually IN PAIN, these people just needed to be punched.I hate my job, hate the customers, hate my manager who wants to fire me. The only thing I like is my wonderful coworkers.Who or what started the idea that cashiers have to smile? Like, seriously? What the fuck? How did that become a thing?CEOs make millions of dollars a year. They should be the ones smiling. I am flabbergasted at the absurdity of expecting a person who is on their feet all day, making minimum wage, and dealing with rude assholes...to smile.Ridiculous.No I will not smile. Fuck off.
I love my SO. He is patient and kind and challenges me to be a better person. We have a good balance, I teach him how to stand up for himself and set boundaries and he teaches me how to find more patience and calm. We have a very good relationship now but it wasn't always like that.He is very trusting and kind hearted and non confrontational, and people (one in particular) used that to manipulate him. Under the guise of "friendship" a lot of messed up stuff happened and he refused to see it because he couldn't believe his "friend" was manipulating and using him. I was the bad guy for pointing it out, I was called insecure and paranoid. Over time and with the help of others, he realized what was wrong and the situation was resolved. The toxic person was removed from our lives, apologies were said and we were supposed to move on...Except I cant. Its been over a year and I'm still so ANGRY at the injustice of it all. I'm angry he put me through that, I'm angry that he cared so much more about his "friends" feelings that mine were inconsequential to him. In the end he did the right thing, and I know we should move on, and I have tried, but I still feel this rage inside me that never goes away. We have such a good life now, but I still cant help but just want to scream at him sometimes. How could he do that to me? Why did it take him so long? How could he not see? How could he be so stupid?I don't know how to let go of this. I'm afraid it will ruin everything.
I worked for a friend of mine 2 years a go in her family business. They fired me after I got sick (even though I had medical notes) and even though we didn't fight or anything we just stopped talked so often.A few months a go she wrote me something and I forgot to answer until one month after. About a month a go I asked her to send me some documents I need to fill my tax reports and she acted like she is super busy and  "is not so simple" etc.. I agreed to pay for her costs and send her the info she needed to get the documents and I haven't heard from her since.Its been two fucking weeks so on Monday I wrote her and asked if the info was in order and if I should receive the documents anytime soon, she didn't answer. Yesterday I wrote her again.. No answer.I mean, what the actual fuck?? I'm trying really hard not to lose my temper but when people act like this it drives me fucking nuts.
Hi. I guess I won't get into specifics because well it's pointless. I was hurt by someone I care about and it makes me angry as a result. When shit hit the fan she was going through a tough time herself. She did a surgery with her jaw and chin and the surgeon did not do a good job. As a result there was a lot of depression rolling around for the both of us. I lot of anger and a lot of general confusion about who we are as individuals.I went to therapy, so did she. It was...okay. It was helpful at first but I didn't see any improvement later on.Now I guess I'm angry inside, like really fucking angry but I can't get angry can I? I mean, she has her problems and I want to be the bigger person and be a good forgiving person but I also want to cure myself of the anger but don't know how.I don't know how to release it and every day I wake up and hold it in I feel closer to being traumatized. I'm terrified I'll be like this forever, an angry person who has a shitload of anxiety because of it.I'm also terrified if I release my anger, it may lead her to suicide.I want to be a good friend and a good person and I gotta worry about fixing myself but I don't know how. What can I do to help myself release some of this anger without hurting anyone? It feels like I'm trapped and that feeling pisses me off. I just want to be normal again.Please help. Thanks.
So I try to not be a very angry person. I try to let things go and just take things in stride. But I often find that there are times where several small things will happen in a short period of time that will just build up and cause me to get super angry. Like I've broken my foot once because I got so pissed I kicked something and fractured some bones. These "flare ups" are relatively short lived and once I "express" this anger I usually feel better. But I honestly wish It would never get to this point. I don't know how to *not* get mad over things that really do make me angry. Like other people seem to be able to let things go. I've tried just "letting things go" but whenever something else goes wrong, it reminds me of the first thing that made me angry, so I get doubly pissed off. I just get so angry that I have to scream or break or throw something to get all that frustration out, but then I look like a moron because I can't seem to control myself. This happens a lot at work because I have to deal with other people's incompetence a lot, and that's a huge anger point for me. Like I honestly have a hard time coping with other people's stupidity. I don't expect things to always function smooth as butter, but sometimes I have trouble wrapping my head around why someone would do something. And when that happens several times in a day, I get extremely moody and foul. And I get REALLY quick to outright tantrum-level anger. Any suggestions on how to not let things bother me so much? Any techniques other people use? 
So, my crush wants to treat me differently from everyone else. So, he wants to not even greet me when I come in for the day, like, ever. Oh, he'll say "good night" and the bare minimum of what he has to say to me since we work together, but not more. Yet he chats away with everyone else.It's time for the Psycho Test.My crush has no idea how I treat other men. I've had bad experiences, and I don't like men that much. I love my brothers and I love my friends. Other men...meh. My crush has no idea how good it's been for him. How easy I've made it. I've given him non-stop attention, loving, devoted attention. That ends now.I'm ignoring him. He notices right away when I do. Immediately. I'm going to ignore him, and I'm going to ignore him good. He's not entitled to my attention, he's not entitled to anything from me. I gave him that attention because I hoped we could be more, but we're nothing. So the attention ends.If he becomes unhinged and acts like a nutcase, he wasn't the right one. And he's acted like a nutcase before when I ignored him.  Following me around, getting closer to me, acting fucking strange. Well, guess what, cupcake...you're not entitled to me giving you attention. Especially since you just tease me. And I've had enough of being teased.Enjoy the test.

I've never considered myself a violent minded individual. Matter of fact I hate violence in all it's forms. But lately I've been really feeling the urge to hurt my brother until he's no more than a beaten vegetable. My brother has anger issues clearly. 1. He's moved out of home multiple times and every time the person he has lived with has kicked him out, and that's including family in another country. 2. He has threatened my whole family with death threats and violence. 3. On my mothers recent birthday when it was only him and herself at home he called her a 'dog' and a 'cunt' and pretended to throw closed fists at her. When I got home she was crying and wouldn't tell me what was wrong, (I thought it was because she thought she was getting older), then she told me the truth. I went into a rage and really just wanted to kill him but my mother made me promise not to cause trouble so I hesitantly let it go for her. 4. He started going to the gym and thinks he's this big tough guy now. 5. On multiple occasions has offered to fight me to which I calmly ignore but it rattles me. Now because of this I feel everyone thinks I'm week. 6. He's come at me with knives in the past to try and kill me but he won't even dare, I think it's his so called scare tactic. And finally 7. He's done drugs in the past just not sure what kind. I don't know what to do, I feel if I get into a physical fight with him I'll do more than just hurt him. None of my extended family know what he's like.
I don't understand. I just felt the impact in my seat. *thud* *thud* *thud* *thud* this guy is BELOW me... how is this happening? I'm feeling a great deal of anger in this bock of flats. just earlier I had to adjust my other neighbours door closer because she couldn't walk through without it slamming. LOUD. She was happy for me to do it btw. I'm trying to be constructive, but I am feeling I am being bombarded from all sides all the time. I need to move from here. but in the meantime... I need to do something. figure something out. I just felt like throwing my computer at the wall. 
No doubt I've got issues I'm just saying that first so you know I know its a problem.  Just feeling the hurt real bad right now and seeing if anyone else gets this too.  I don't know anymore tho I need help.  I got a dog and I love her and she doesn't do shit wrong but be a dog and be kind and wag her tail and come running when I get home.  She's got a big tongue and when I get home she come running and her tongue is always hanging out and she gets so excited you can't see and not smile.  Then she wiggles a bunch and rubs against your leg and wants to be with you everywhere you go.  She liek to come to the bathroom and just sit with me or outside the door when I take a shit, even.I got anger issues like a mother fucker.  I don't blow all the time but when I do I blow up big.  Last time I got in it with a human I put him down and strangled him pretty good and then put a foot in his gut, but that was over a couple year ago and with a lot of alcohol and I'm doing better now.  I'm lucky though because I always had people around to look out for me and known enough sense of when to walk away.  But that doesn't always work you know, and it takes the hell of you for energy to do it and sometimes you don't have that to give.  When I'm wasted I don't have it worth a dime.  Probably you all know that tho if youre on here you've probably got some of the evils in you too.  I don't know tho.  Usually it's when I get to feeling out of control I get like this.  But then in my head I can't get it out of my head the thought of hurting my dog.  I get angry as hell and then I get these thoughts and it hurts like a bitch to feel it and have these thoughts and I just keep having them anyway.  And then there's that strange part about it where you have the thoughts and you hurt like hell from them but you keep having them and its almost like a pleasure to have them.  Only scary part is when you make the thoughts into something real.  You know, you spend your afternoon thinking these thoughts and it has you hurting so bad it's like some of the thoughts, if you think them too long, they might have you get a lump in your throat.  Like of picking your dog up and throwing her against the wall or kicking her head or hitting her over the head with a bat or her spine.  And these thoughts don't quit.  And then you get home and you have this happy and loving goddamn dog come up and all it wants is to love you and then its like your hand is moving quicker than you know what happened and suddenly you're knocking her head and grab her by the collar and hang her and choke her and she doesn't know what she did wrong and then you have this hurt like a knife that you felt earlier in the day except even more now like and a knife and getting twisted and worse when its done and she gets away and looks back at you.  And it's like you hurt her b/c you know that she loves you and that makes it like youd want to hurt her some more because when she looks at you it's no understanding for what she done and only scaredness and fear and she crawls into her crate and look at you and you know how it is with dogs when they shake... they sit in the crate and shake and look at you and it's the most hurtful look and worst pain you ever felt and you know its that way for her too, and you want to take it all back and not have done it but once its done its done.  And her looking at you scared just fucks it up worse and makes it like you feel it to hit her or beat her some more.  I dont b/c once is enough to scare me straight but then its the fear that I'll do it again..  I don't know... it's the worst, painful, ugliest feeling I know.  Make me sick and like to cry and twist in the gut.  When I was just a kid I'd cut up the arms but I was just a kid then and what do kids know.  I been working at it hard and it doesn't happen often anymore but when it does it hurts like none other and then the next days are so painful because when you come home shes still scared but she still come over and stand by you and she shakes but she won't leave your side.  And all you want is her to be okay but inside it's just empty and hurtIt's a damned cowardly thing and then of course there's people who say oh but you wouldn't do it to somebody your own size but then they don't really know.  I'll choke a man out quicker than any dog I got no problem with choking a man and if he's bigger then good if I can't take him now I come back and get him some other way but always in person so he knows who is who.  But theres no bit of kindness in a person like there is a dog.  In a dog there's none of it.  They lvoe you and are just there to be that, and I don't know how to share it back.  I work at it and ive gotten better like you dont even know because of how little I fight now and how little I get in it and come home feeling angry but then sometimes it happens and when it does it gets you to thinking, you know, like maybe you're one of the people that just shouldnt be here if all you can do is hurt
I never had real anger issues. I'm that one guy who is always calm and never seems to be bothered by anything no matter what you try. The reason for this is simple, I fight my battles on the inside not the outside. If someone were to look me deep in the eyes and see the fire raging inside I'd surely be put on some list of people likely to commit a shootout within the hour. But I'm never visibly angry.  We'll, never isn't totally right. I'm sometimes visibly agitated and very rarely visibly angry at someone. I very often take a deep breath and clench my fists. I very often lift my desk with my knees trying to keep myself from standing up, grabbing my knife and slicing my parents' throats. But I never fight. Not anymore. Right now however, I'm sitting in the bathroom. Sweating, shaking heavily, barely seeing anything, dizzy and nauseous, blood boiling and fingers tingling. I love her, I really do, but while I try to shield her from all the shit around us she climbs over and then blames me for everything that happens after.I'd never hurt her. I may have caused her some pain when I grabbed her wrist as she swung for the second or third deep scratch on my face. I may have made her scared when I pushed her down on the bed with my full weight as she tries to kick, hit and even bite me. But I'd never do anything to her with the intention of causing pain. But she's making it hard, harder every day. When I tell her to drop it she lifts it even higher, when I tell her to leave me alone she starts yelling in my ear. I love her but please, fucking stop already. 
So 99% of the time I'm just a normal teen with normal emotions. Sometimes though, i'll get angry and just want to destroy things. I try to keep the destruction to my own posessions though. I'll get angry and destroy something cheap/non important, then feel regret and sadness at having done it and lost a posession, then i'll get angry again BECAUSE I did it, then I'll calm down. I've tried to do stuff like deep breathing or punching a pillow but those don't really help and I'll stay angry for a while. What can I do to fix this problem of mine
I am a high school student. For the past few years I've had depression due to lack of self confidence and not fitting in, etc... No one knows this about me but I think I have a serious problem.I could be having a completely fine and happy day, nothing is wrong, I'm cheerful. However, something as simple as losing a match in a game, or being teased by others for whatever reason, or being told to do something I really don't want to do can just set me off. I feel the need to break things, throw things, hit walls, my bed, my controller, and most commonly I hit my lower thigh repeatedly if something goes wrong. I've gone as far as hitting my head and face fairly hard, and tearing my knuckles from punching the wall. I've only ever had these outbursts in private and no one would expect this from me. I don't know what this comes from but is there anything I can do to try and stay calm when it happens?
Dishes are piling up in the sink, there's a bag of trash in my kitchen, and tonight I'm going to bed without even brushing my teeth.Today was another depressing yet wonderful day of staring at my crush all day long at work. Even if it's quite far from what I want, it's better than nothing (not seeing him at all).I feel pathetic. I'm 31 years old and barely make enough to survive. I have $419 in monthly credit card payments and a student loan I can't even pay so it's deferred. I afford my cc payments by paying the credit cards, then putting gas, my electric bill, and car insurance bill right back on the cards, so it'll be a long time before they go down. Oh well, better than defaulting and going through that nightmare again.I am fat and dealing with minor health issues that could become major if I don't take a lot of weight off. I started going to the gym but it's going to be a long time before I start feeling healthier. I'm scared I'll lose motivation.I have no friends, really. My days are just...work, go home, get on the internet, go to bed, get up, go to work, go home, internet, bed. There's nothing to break this cycle. I don't even know what a life is supposed to look like anymore. I feel like such a loser.I hate being a virgin. My entire sex life is staring at and fantasizing about my crush, masturbating, and watching videos on the internet of men masturbating and receiving oral and handjobs. What the hell is wrong with me? Why can't I have a relationship? Why am I in my thirties and never kissed?I started writing a really mean blog attacking this woman with a blog. I wrote all these awful things about her. I deleted the blog because I realized it was just feeding into negativity. Some people on a few websites said the most awful things about me.So, in summary, I'm a morbidly obese, destitute-and-in-debt, sexually frustrated, friendless, angry, depressed 31 year old woman who's never been kissed.What a great hand to be dealt.
My strategy for dealing with anger is to ask myself why the thing that made me angry happened.  Then to answer that question with one reasonable explanation and then one absurd one.For example, today road work closed the right hand lane, but I needed to turn right.  When I looked over there was a Prius in the closed lane.  That irritated me.  But why is it there?Reasonable: the driver lived in one of the houses right there and had just backed out into the closed lane.Absurd: it was one of those self driving cars, but the programming doesn't know about traffic cones yet.This is helping me, maybe it would someone else here too.
So, I finally got around to my second session with my therapist.  I had to take a few weeks off after my first session because I was looking for new housing since my lease is up soon, and I had some other plans and things to take care of as well.  This was all scheduled with my therapist, and she was very cool about giving me a bit of time to get some other things together.During my first session, I said a lot about the last seven years of my life.  How I'd become abusive, angry, and regretful.  She also asked me a lot of questions about my partner and took a lot of notes.  Those notes became the focus of my second session.The homework she gave me during my first session was all about calming the senses.  Something I had already been working on in the months leading up to finally finding a therapist, and it really does help.  There's a memory that I have from a vacation I took years and years ago.  I was sitting high up on a balcony, late at night, a candle lit, with the ocean waves crashing in, the scent of salt and coconut oil on the breeze, and just lying back and taking it all in all by myself.  I try to recreate that feeling that memory gives me as often as possible.  Lately, it is cashmere woods candle melts, a hot cup of Darjeeling, and some Brian Eno or Liquid Mind playing softly in the background while I snuggle with my cats.  Anything to just let my mind and body wander to good things and calm down after a hectic day. Anger management really does have a lot to do with reconditioning the senses.  Anger is a natural emotion and it is okay to be angry from time to time, but what actions you take with that flight or fight response is whats ultimately important.  For seven years Id conditioned myself to be stressed out, worried, fearful, and ultimately angry at my partner and myself. That for every opportunity that I had to actually do something constructive with my life I just kept allowing myself to feel all of this hurt that I didnt need to feel.  It really has been eye opening in a lot of ways. During my second session she had a lot to say about how abusive my previous relationship was.  Not just for my partner, but for me as well.  She had a lot to say about how it seems I'd been manipulated, personally ignored a lot of red flags from her, and ultimately allowed myself to change and sacrifice so much for her rather than just walking away.  Most of the questions for me this time were why I felt so compelled to take care of someone who seemed so hell bent on only having it their way, and why I allowed it to cause me to hate myself when there were so many easier ways out.  We talked a lot about my excuses and hers, and how I may have turned good ideas into bad ones by continuing to stay with it for so long.  That, in the end, a lot of times it really is better to walk away rather than stay with something that had become so mutually abusive.  It was nice to hear a professional tell me that it really wasn't just me all these years.  That, there really were two parties in it and that we both had a stake in why it was so tumultuous throughout our relationship together.  That we really both could've walked away sooner but we always made an excuse or talked the other one into staying when we both knew damned well better than to try and continue to fix one another.  In the end, all we were doing was breaking one another down further and further, and losing track of all of it in the process. In a way, it is nice to know that it wasn't all me, but it is also very difficult realizing all the mistakes that I made and how I wouldn't allow myself to just walk away from it.  That I had been manipulated in a lot of ways without knowing it, taken too much of her problems onto my shoulders, and ultimately transformed it into anger and frustration that I wouldnt allow myself to contain anymore. That for all intents and purposes, I allowed myself to destroy something that could've ended so much more easily by having the strength to say no and just walking away. Being the bigger person wasnt about how much you could give to someone else or how much you could take or put up with from them, but realizing that giving up on something you know isnt going to work out for you or them is sometimes the only road you can take. Maybe trying to make her see it or her trying to make me see it wasnt the answer, and that time and space really was the only answer.It's hard realizing that being too nice, too giving, too empathetic, and too supportive can really lead you down a path of terrible hurt because you are so caught up in believing that what you are doing is right. Its hard when you really love and care for someone, especially someone that is bipolar and has personal issues they arent bothering to take care of for themselves and the relationship at large, to just cast them out of your life because that might actually be the better choice. In the end, I know that Im not really a bad person, but I had allowed myself to make very bad behavioral choices and excuses that lead me to where I am today by nurturing a toxic relationship full of abuse that I blindly believed was a caring and loving one.  At least, now I realize that the road really does run both ways. I am at least recognizing the things that I have to work on both in my interactions with others and how I allow others to interact with me.My homework this time Ive also had a bit of a jumpstart on.  It is about recognizing your emotions, whether it is anger, sadness, happiness, or anything in between, and pinning down why you feel the way you feel.  Its a bit of behavioral management along the lines of what can I do to nurture and feel the good things more often, and what constructive things I can do with the negative emotions to recognize them early and help them subside.  I find now, that when I am having any type of real and intense feelings about something I like to question it.  Instead of feeling so confused and neurotic about it all now I actually will ask myself a few questions and logically pin down an answer of why I am currently in the state I am in. It has helped a lot in recognizing the triggers for frustration and finding better interpersonal skills that I can utilize in speaking and relating with others.  As well, it has helped me to realize something I didnt know I was doing all this time.  That I was letting a lot of snark, sarcasm, and cynicism get in the way of my happiness.  In a lot of ways, Id actually somewhat given up the ability to even feel excited or happy about things when I rightfully should have.  Over the past four months since the breakup Ive had a lot of conversations with friends and family members about all of this.  Ive been trying to find the guy I feel like Ive lost throughout this last seven years of my life and nurture those parts of me Id maybe neglected.  Some other guidelines my friends, family, and even my therapist gave me were about finding outlets for my frustration, and maybe that bettering the body along with the mind and soul can help make me a stronger person as well.  Again, this is something that I already had gotten a jumpstart on.Five months ago I had to go to the doctor and weighed in at 220.  I was depressed, angry, sedentary, and procrastinating on just about every aspect of my life.  I was worn out from my relationship, frustrated with my job, constantly anxious, out of shape, and feeling like giving up on all of it.  I was worried about when I was going to end up in either prison or a hospital after one of our fights, dead from a heart attack, or laughing at some rubber wall in a mental institution.  I was wondering why I didnt write, work on artwork, go out, or work out anymore.  I was always wondering but never doing anything about it. Well, four months ago I finally started doing something about it.Yesterday I weighed in at 180.  Ive lost two inches around my waist and gained an inch in each arm.  Ive still got a ways to go, but I like what Im seeing more and more every day.  I can see the physical progress I am making, and in turn it is giving me a new confidence and a new outlook on what I can do if I just put my mind to it. I feel more comfortable in my own skin.  I feel like I smile more, hold my head a little higher, and speak a little softer and more kindly every single day.  Everyone around me has seen the change and I am starting to feel more and more like the guy I wanted to meet again at the beginning of all this. I feel like Ive got this new strength and a new path not only for myself but to also share in with those that I care for so much in my life.  Albeit, Ive only been through two therapy sessions, but Ive also been putting in the effort of recognizing my issues and helping myself as much as I can along the way. It helps to just talk about it rather than just letting it all fester deep inside.  It helps finding perspective. All I had to do was realize I had a problem, admit it, and then actually do something about it.  Ill be in therapy for a while, perhaps indefinitely, but Ive also caught the workout bug and the creative bugs again as well.  Im writing, drawing, conversing, creating, and doing some of those mental exercises Id also given up on all these years.  Combatting emotional problems really is all about working on the mind, body, and soul.  That letting any of those things down affects the other parts of who you are. At least for me, it seems to be working.  I can feel the progress, and it is just one step at a time, one day at a time, and I dont want any more opportunities or moments pass me by.Anyways, thats my story so far. Ill keep writing my thoughts down as time goes by on here.  Session three is in two weeks and every two weeks thereafter.  Im sure Ill have a lot more ideas for anyone in the same situation, and I hope you all have more ideas for me as well.  Dont be afraid to tell your stories, and hand out some advice.  None of us have to be alone in any of this, and all of us have a stake in whom we are and who we can be both personally and interpersonally. Sometimes, all it takes is a helping hand or a little nudge to get you back onto the path you veered away from. 
It's amazing how long I suppressed my anger about my mother making her boyfriend more important than me and my siblings. As a child and a teenager I think I was just in the trenches, so there was no time to actually feel my anger. I realized the man was abusive and didn't care for me and my siblings (and said he wished he was a lion and we were cubs so he could murder us, since that's accepted practice in lion society), and I had bad reactions when he mistreated me, but I was in the trenches, and had to cope. When I got out, I began to feel the anger, but it didn't hit me fully until my late twenties some years after he was finally fucking gone. Shortly after that I moved out and have had little to do with my mother since.Does anyone here know any "penis before kids" stories? I've heard it's a common thing, unfortunately.My grandmother has been quite angry at me about this, but it's quite simple. When my mother was an adult, when she had a choice, she decided that she needed some dick, and would let her kids suffer from that however they would suffer.Now I am an adult. My mother made her choice to move her boyfriend into my home. Now I can make the choice to have nothing to do with her. She made her decision, and now she is living with the consequences, one of which is my decision.Also wondering: is it common for men to wish they were lions so they could kill their stepchildren? The cynic in me says yes. Well, perhaps not specifically wish to be lions, but they wish they could dispose of their stepchildren in whatever manner they see fit.
*Saint*You wish your stepchildren had never been bornYou wish your stepchildren had never been born You wish your stepchildren had never been bornYou're such a saintYou wish you could have a happy little familyWith only the childrenYou pushed out of your crotchBut you can'tIsn't that so terribleSo you'll keep on saying thatYou wish your stepchildren had never been born You wish your stepchildren had never been bornYou wish your stepchildren had never been bornYou're such a saintYou wish you could have your happy little family With only the childrenYou made with your ding dongBut you can'tIsn't that so terribleSo you'll go on saying thatYou wish your stepchildren had never been born You wish your stepchildren had never been bornYou wish your stepchildren had never been bornYou're such a saintYou're such a saintYou're such a saintYou're such a saintYou're such a saint*Aside*Shove your children asideBecause you need some dickShove your children asideThat's not at all quite sickShove your children asideBecause you need some penisShove your children asideIt's funny you can't see thisShove your children asideIn their place put a cockOn a pedestalNow there's nothing to talkAboutNothing to talk aboutThe second song isn't really done being written, but expresses my anger well enough.
Usually, I'm described as calm and caring but sometimes an event will occur which will just drive me insane with rage. I can barely think and the only thing that goes through my head is how to break things. I haven't hurt my family or friends yet, by either hurting myself or the surrounding environment. I've been prescribed drugs which reduce adrenaline, which bring the fits to an end, but I'm terrified that I might just lose myself to the anger and hurt my family or get arrested. Please, is there anything I can do to stop myself from going into these fits?Edit: Thanks a lot guys, after reading your comments, I reckon I'm gonna get professional help
I get very very angry whenever i'm under physical pain. If i get slapped by accident, i get very very mad inside, although i know it wasn't on purpose. Anyone have experience with this / ways of dealing with it? 
So me and my friend were going to skip school on tuesday to go to Tayto Park (an entertainment park in Ireland)my Mum and his mum were aware of this and fine with it.My mum said i could go and I was happy with that.In school today i was excited and talking to my friend a lot.So the school day ends and as me and my mum are driving home she says to me "Im sorry but dad says you cant go".I was sooooo pissed off.This is my dads revenge for me getting his headset broken (I annoyed my sister and she threw the headset at me and broke it)If anyone has any sugestion on how to calm down or to convince me to let me go that would be good.
I don't know how I have the energy for it, and I usually just bottle it up inside. Yes I know a lot of it was partly my fault, but still. I'm in a rage, but strangely I'm also becoming really jaded and uninterested in people. Like I've lost my empathy and sympathy for others, and I've become selfish, and unrepentant. And I no longer give a fuck about anyone. No I am not a sociopath or anything. I used to be quite a different person: kind, wanting to please people and make them happy, empathetic, hopeful that I'd belong somewhere, believe in non-judgment especially before getting to really know someone etc. Deep inside I just want to give my heart to someone, but no one wants it. And it seems no one has ever wanted it. I don't know how to react now, except with anger, and a nasty tongue. Judge me if you want, it's okay. Enough people who I thought were close to me have judged me for things that should not concern them.I've been to several therapists for this plus other issues and they've all been useless. I moved about 12 hours away to a city where I didn't know a single person because I thought I just needed a fresh start. And I do, but it turns out that things are not escaped so simply. I'm tired. So tired. I wish I knew how to heal. I just want to learn how to love again (I know that's cheesy). How to be vulnerable and give people a chance again. I don't lack social skills, but I've never really fit in anywhere so far. Ha, and I'm only 23 years old. Aren't I something? I'm a mess, aren't I? **I have no idea what to do at this point**. I'm not really depressed about it, just spiteful and angry more than anything.**help?**
I'm just wondering, is this generally seen as acceptable? I'm not sure. To me it's entirely unacceptable (I was one of the children). My grandmother tells me I need to forgive my mother. Is it just me or is getting a boyfriend when your children's father died three months before completely fucked up?I grew up around people this didn't happen to (had married, alive parents), so I felt even more isolated. My mother's boyfriend was also an abusive piece of shit who wished me and my siblings would disappear.I should probably specify and say my mother had this man LIVING IN MY HOME three months after my dad passed away.
I'm not very expressive with my emotions, and a lot of things has been going on in my life since i was little. I guess all of us do. The thing is though, there were many times I got angry but held them and act like it didn't bother me. With all those negativity in the past, i moved on with no one understanding me, and all those emotions kept inside. They all think I'm fine, cause i act normal, I'm happy at times, i laugh and shit like that. But they didn't know that i was sometimes crying myself to sleep. And the anger just keeps coming back in my mind after some time, after something negative comes and bite me, even though its just a little. The Anger just won't go away. Time cant take it away
With friends or at my job I am a very mellow person and have a lot of patience, but i'm the complete opposite in games. I greatly enjoy mobas (team based vs other players), But I find my self becoming angered at such petty things which hurts my enjoyment. When I play with a friend on skype I don't have these problems as we just laugh about any mistakes made but the moment I play alone I get incredibly competitive and give my team mates impossible standards that not even I reach. I always regret my anger after it passes but the damage is done and i'm not sure how to prevent it. 
I need help. Bad. Me and my girlfriend hsve been fighting alot because of my anger, and today Out of the blue i just started getting annoyed at her for no reason, and saying passive aggressive things angrily at her. It led to me getting mad at myself fkr being mad, and getting evem more pissed to the point wherei wad driving incredibly dangerously and i caught myself. Parked and had my friend take her home, but not before i hurt my hand from punching the wheel, slamming the brakes, speeding and and yelling. I keyed my old non running car becaude i was so pissed. For literally no reason, i felt out of control and now i realize the full stupidity of the act i just commited. My girlfriwnd was left sobbing and im siting here sick with regret.
My older brother (two years older) has bullied me since we were little. Everything I've ever said in his presence has been met with some snide remark or jab. He's never been physically abusive towards me because I have been bigger than him for a long time, but he has consistently taken advantage of my short temper and said or done things to me specifically the get a reaction from me. We were both home from college for Christmas break, and of course he was in full force with his comments towards me and overall bullying. I was beginning to reach my limit with him. One night, I asked my parents if I could use their car to go out with friends. They said yes and as I was about to leave my older brother snatched the keys off the shelf and started running for the door. I don't remember what his justification was but he claimed to have some right to use the car that night. I tried to grab the keys from him and he sort of slapped/hit me in the face and ran out the door. I stood there for about half a second letting that event sink in and I flipped a switch and just saw red. I jumped over the railing of the porch after him and met him just outside the car, where I pummeled him mercilessly until my parents dragged me off him. It wasn't like that scene from Fight Club where Jared Leto loses all his teeth or anything, but he didn't stand a chance against me in that fight. I think he had a couple bruises on his face for a week or so but nothing that required a doctor's attention. My parents both immediately blamed the entire situation on me and told me to find someplace else to live. I didn't actually end up being thrown out but I was damn close. As far as I was concerned, he got what was coming to him. I had never laid a hand on him before this and I had allowed him to torment me for years while my resentment and rage built up until it reached a boiling point. I was forced to apologize to him and my parents made me see a therapist against my will to help control my anger issues. That therapist didn't help me at all and just made me more angry that I was being forced to see him. The truth is that I was not sorry and I am not sorry. His behavior towards me changed after that day and he has not been as antagonistic towards me. My brother has never received any sort of reprimand from our parents for his constant attacks on me and as far as my parents are concerned I am the only one who did anything wrong. TL;DR: Older brother verbally bullied me for years, I finally snapped and beat the hell out of him. This happened when I was 19 and he was 21. Sorry for the long post and any typos. 
My mom will screech at me to do this, do that, come help her with this, why aren't you doing that, blah blah blah in the most *annoying* and *obnoxious* voice. Or she'll use that same voice when she complains about something silly like it's the end of the world or something. Like okay calm down I WILL GET IT DONE there is no need to nag me. *darthBARRACUUUUUUDDDDDAAAAA!!!!! Did you wash your sheets yet?!*Does it fucking matter if I did or not? They're my own fucking sheets I WILL WASH THEM WHEN I NEED TO.*You need to request off next weekend from work!* "I can't do that, mom, it has to be at least two weeks in advance." *DARTHBARRACUDA we are NEVER going to be able to go somewhere this summer!*It's getting to the point where the little stuff that used to not bother me is making me want to thrust a fist through the wall.
For the most part, when in public or when talking to parents and other family members, even if I'm VERY angry about something, I can hold in my anger for quite a while. But when I'm with my two brothers, anything they do for some reason, it just pisses me off so much. If they leave the door to the kitchen open after getting something, I can close it for them maybe the first two times, but after that, I get angry as hell and yell pretty much at the top of my lungs. I've even gone as far as to hurt them (nothing serious, punches on the back and pressure points) and I'm sure if I don't do something, I might do something more serious. I'm not kidding here. My brothers can do almost anything and it is like a trigger and i get SO ANGRY and I don't realize it until after I've let it out. I'm not angry at all whilst typing this, but if my brothers were to walk in I would suddenly become extremely angry/irratable out of nowhere. I don't know why.
I feel like reading would really help me.
I'm generally a really calm person who tends to just be really chill and not take life too seriously but I've noticed how irritated I can get when people don't understand simple things like the difference between 720p and 1080p and think anyone who does is a 'nerd' or 'has too much time on their hands'.A good example is my older cousin, we're pretty close as he's only 3 years older and we spend alot of our free time playing PS4 together but he's one of those people who don't use their computers or phones for any sort of research so he literally knows fuck all about anything going on in the outside world unless it comes up on his Facebook feed or I tell him (his reason for never looking up any news is 'it's all shite') Like I shit you not he wouldn't of known there was a UK General Election unless I told him.He's unwilling to learn anything new, he's very closed-minded and blames it all on his dyslexia when I know it's bullshit because he got lessons years ago to try and fix it but he's too lazy to bother learning simple words. It's not like he's even spelling them how it sounds or anything as they're completely wrong most of the time and it's caused me to become a grammar nazi haha.It makes conversing with him very difficult without trying to talk to him like a 10 year old because that's what it feels like with how little he knows about general things. I've had to teach him so much and no matter how hard I try he never remembers and claims I never told him in the first place.But TL;DR, I find people who aren't willing to take a few seconds to learn simple, important things and expect other people to do it all for them very irritating. Just go on Google and find out for yourself.EDIT: Accidentally put "close-minded" instead of "closed-minded"
So. I've always had some issues with my temper but it never comes up in my adult life till I'm in the workplace. I've tried so many times to put in my two weeks with several places of employment and every time within the first of those two weeks I walk out. It's frustrating and I really would like some advice on how to handle it in the future
I recently got in this fight with a guy I know. He is not really a friend but more of a guy I hang out with sometimes, like skateboarding. We got into this fight about me not having friends. And I claimed that I didn't need lots of friends, just good friends. And i threw that back. I also said how one of his friends is a bad influence, (he tried to choke himself to get high). But he says that people make mistakes and they get second chances. Not only that but that his friends don't hold influence over him. This really pisses me off. He says people get second chances, I personally don't believe people who wanna get high from choking themselves deserve a second chance. It might be strict, but he *wanted* to do it himself. Plus I am not judging a book by its cover, I knew him before, and he is a complete weirdo, looking up porn in 4th grade etc. not only that, but he can't be his friend since he said he has no influence over him. So that's why it pisses me off, because his argument is so stale and wrong. Sorry, just wanted to vent some anger
Ever get that one? Family member of mine cycles through a pattern of venting her frustration and stress by emotionally abusing others to the point that it does damage to their self esteem, causes them stress, anxiety, and other issues. I'm one of the ones she does this to. Today she really did have a good reason to be angry. Absolutely. She is justified. But she was not justified at taking it out on everyone else the way she did. Finally by this evening I'd had enough and just sort of plugged out of the family mentally. I answered politely when I was asked anything, and I didn't physically leave (which would have caused problems), but...The problem is that this family member's pattern is after she verbally attacks others all day and makes them feel like crap, before bed she wants to turn it all around so she can sleep peacefully without feeling guilty, so she cheers her mood up and tries to get everyone else involved, all the while claiming she's had a rough day and is trying SO hard to keep the peace and make everything nice for everyone (Yeah well I know she's only doing it for her own guilt...But whatever. I guess if it helps others feel peaceful too, that's fine.).Anyway, usually when she cycles through this pattern, I JUMP on board because I'm the sort that doesn't like to feel that gut wrenching feeling in the pit of my stomach all night, worrying over issues and feeling at odds with my family. I MUCH prefer to laugh at her jokes, watch something light on tv with her, play a game, etc, something that makes everything calm and makes us all feel better. So I go along with it. But...Sometimes...Like tonight...I couldn't do it. I couldn't summon up the mood to do it. Already physically I feel like crap, have a bad rash from an allergy that is hurting, and dizzy from sinuses, and tired from lack of sleep and drained from the emotional crap, so I just didn't bother and turned out of her cheerful mood. Again, I was polite, just quiet and kept to myself, and went and sat and rested, and mentioned about going to bed. A thing I really did want to go do and felt like I could fall asleep.Then she whipped around and started in on me, calmly at first, but I admit, the more she started pressuring me to join in, and telling me how hard she was working and how I was ruining everything, the more I felt the fire of my own anger building and I started fighting back and she got angry and we both were fighting at that point and other family members joined in and it got into a scream fest and yeah, I lost it and threw a cup at a wall (heavy duty with ice water in it and lots of ice...) and...It felt GOOD to throw it. But it didn't make the anger go away, sadly. And it started to turn in on myself and I felt the familiar and been feeling it, pull of a few years ago when I would self harm in extreme stress situations. I haven't done that in a long time, and have avoided it by making myself wait, or clutch ice instead, and visualize doing it, etc, but I hate being this overwhelmed with anger and not feeling in control over myself to where I throw things and yell things at people.I hate that I let her get to me that much. I hate that I couldn't magic my feelings away like she wanted me to. I hate that I didn't just pretend I was happy. I hate that she didn't even TRY to understand how I was feeling. I hate that she doesn't get that even if she was right and somehow her feelings are justified and mine aren't, I still FEEL them and they are still REAL and they still HURT. She doesn't seem to think so. I hate that she and the rest of my family have no freaking clue how hard I DO try every day. I hate that she not only doesn't understand that my feelings are just as valid as hers, but that she can hurt me too. She always thinks she's the only one ever getting hurt all the time.And when I try to point out anything, she throws things in my face I can't argue with, my weaknesses and flaws that are things I can't argue or do anything about, things from my past or things that I have no control over. What a low blow. I don't know how to deal with this kind of anger. I don't lose control like this too often, but in the last two years, I've done it more than I have ever so I'm worried it'll keep getting worse if I don't figure it out.It seems she is the trigger most the time if not always. I end up slamming doors, screaming, wanting to hurt myself, wanting to do something drastic (nothing horrific, mostly just childish crap) but yeah I don't want to feel like this. Meanwhile, I'm the only one up this time of night still feeling stressed out and still feeling angry towards her. Not sure how to let it go because the same issues keep happening over and over again. Not sure of really finding any answers here, really I'm all over the place and just needing to vent. Thanks reddit for letting me do that much.
Greetings reddit!  This is my very first post so please be gentle.  Also, if profanity offends you should probably just hit that back button on your browser now.To say I struggle with anger issues is a severe understatement.  At my best, I'm angry.  At my worst, I'm absolutely fucking furious.  The character in fiction I identify the most with is Malcom Tucker from TV show *The Thick of It* and the movie *In the Loop*.I'm a junior at a state university, majoring in Poli Sci, and a major source of my anger is the partisanship in our country.  Watching ignorant rednecks post shit about Caitlyn Jenner brings out my inner vindictive Napoleon against the 5th coalition.  I work at a hotel and the slightest bit of misplaced entitlement from a guest (happens at least three times a night) causes me to experience heart palpitations that I can only relieve by screaming into a pillow.I come from a family with anxiety issues, but for them, the anxiety generally causes depression and I have not felt depressed in five years.  My mother is in recovery for alcoholism and takes benzos, and five of her six brothers and sisters also take medication.  I am terrified that if I go down that route it will zombify me.  I've taken them before and feel a level of self-loathing when I'm on them that's worse then when I take my vitriolic rage out on my friends and family members.  I'm highly ambitious, and my personality has lead to excellence in a number of fields, the biggest flaw being my anger.I've tried meditation, exercise and yoga to calm me down and all they leave me with is temporary relief.  The only thing that calms me down is alcohol.  For some reason I'm the chillest motherfucker you've ever met after I've had a couple of martinis or a six pack of Dale's Pale Ale.  The problem is I have very little self-control and get brownout drunk every night just to fall asleep (we're talking an entire 12 pack of DPA).  I don't believe in a higher power so AA is out, and every shrink I've tried to talk to refuses to help me unless I take anxiety meds.In any case, I just really needed to get this off my chest.  Thank you for reading, and if you have any advice for me I will receive it gratefully.TLDR: I'm furious almost all the time and no one understands the intensity of my anger, so I'm looking for advice from someone that understand what that's like.
Hi and thanks for reading. I recently got scammed and I am really pissed off. I am usually very docile but I have no intention of letting this slide. I have ways of hurting (legal) the person that did this to myself and my daughters...she knew I don't have a lot extra but she didn't care.I am so damn mad and I've never felt this much anger before...I'm not sure how far to take it and if I will know when it's time to let it go. Thanks...any suggestions are welcome!
My boyfriend says little things piss him off constantly. Whether it's someone cutting us off in traffic, slow parking attendant, overly-chatty customer service rep, someone leaving their cart in the middle of the aisle at the grocery store, or whatever else... he lives in a near constant state of at least mild annoyance. His grouchiness doesn't really bother me unless it turns to real anger that is directed at me or my dog. If we have a disagreement, he can say really hurtful things to me, ("oh my god, I'm dating a fucking 12 year old" is one that particularly stung.) If my dog is bad, he sometimes spanks her hard. This makes her very nervous and scared of him for a time afterward. Twice he has broken something in anger-- once he threw his keys at the wall and his garage clicker broke, and another time he dropped my dog's bowl on the floor and it chipped. I KNOW he loves me and the dog. We live together, and he was with me and totally on board when I adopted her. 98% of the time he is nothing but loving and affectionate and attentive to me and to her. After getting angry, he always cools down 30 min - 1 hr afterward and apologizes. I asked him to stop hitting my dog and he said he would "try."I love my boyfriend. I don't want us to break up, but I do want to have a frank conversation about coping with anger. I'm just not sure if he sees it as something he can/should fix. I need to broach the topic without him getting immediately defensive or dismissive of the idea. Any ideas are welcome...
This probably happens all of the time on this subreddit, but here goes nothing.I guess to start off, anger issues run in my family. I don't know about other people philosophies of nature vs nurture, but I believe that when you are surrounded by it at a young age, it is something that you turn to. My father has always had anger issues, and he went to anger management classes. For me, I can't seem to find any.But to the current issue. I keep letting my anger get the best of me, and when my anger takes hold of me, I hurt the people that I care for dearly. The one person I never want to hurt is my girlfriend. I have plans to marry her in the future, as I know that she is the one. She is able to calm the rage that builds in me a lot of the time. Not always but that isn't her fault. It's mine, and I am aware of that.Today, I could have caused my girlfriend to get hurt because I was frustrated at another driver. I let road rage take over and I flipped the driver, who pissed me off, off. They came over to talk to me, and they were surprisingly calm. This made me more angry, because I was, I suppose jealous. This made my girlfriend, understandably, very upset.This is not the first time that this has happened to me. My anger, and more specifically, I have been the cause of most if not all of our fights. It only recently became clear to me that I would get highly defensive during our fights, which doesn't help to solve anything.This brings me to the actual title. I love the person I am with, and I refuse to let my anger control me, from now on. My only issue is, I have no idea how to stop it in the moment. I turn to you all for help on this subject, any links, books, sayings, or even just personal advice I am in desperate need of.My own theories about how to get rid of my anger don't work. I use to think that avoiding the things that make me upset would help me, but instead they only bottle it up, which is a terrible idea. I try to read books on zen philosophy, but when I need the teachings most, I forget them.TL:DR version. I need advice on how to remember to stay calm, when the storm of rage is building and causing a fire within me.
I've just been told about this, and feel very angry and unsure what to do with myself.  &nbsp;My friend - we'll call her Annie - was viciously attacked by her boyfriend recently. They had both gone out drinking (separately, with friends), and he apparently thought Annie had gone home with someone else. He drove to her house (very drunk at this point), kicked down her front door and dragged her outside before smashing her head into the car and kicking her in the stomach multiple times while she was on the floor. Annie screamed for help, and several neighbours came out and managed to pull the guy (who, by the way, is a bodybuilder that takes steroids) off of her while they called the police. As he got in his car to drive away, one of the witnesses stood in front of the car, but the guy drove anyway and knocked the witness aside.  &nbsp;Thankfully, Annie's injuries weren't too bad and she's very lucky that people came when they did. However, I'm struggling with a certain level of vindictiveness right now; I have the urge to ruin his life in some way or another  (I have his real name, his mobile number, email address etc etc) but I really don't want anything bad to come back to Annie. She has a restraining order against him now, and he's been charged with multiple offences (several of which he has pleaded not guilty to, including the assault / battery).  &nbsp;What should I do?
Last year I had my anger under control and didn't get angry at all. Even managed to have fun with people.That was until I got unemployed, 6 months ago. Money got short to pay the bills, I started taking stupid things seriously, like online videogames. Unfortunately I take League of Legends too seriously. I don't like depending on others, but I am also addicted to this game. There are always someone who fucks up and I can feel my heart rate rising, I can feel myself sweating and shaking a lot. I just want to destroy everything around me to get rid of this feeling and the fact that I can't do it, makes me even angrier.
Hi reddit. I'll keep it short because I'm on mobile. Also, I apologize for any errors.Anyway, I blew up on my roommate today... Technically yesterday. He was talking about how people with depression and anxiety need to "get over themselves" and "aren't trying hard enough" to get better. He acts like its some simple, easy thing you can just get over like its nothing. As someone who has struggled with both anxiety and depression for years, this really upset me. Initially I just left and went for a drive, but while on my drive I decided to confront him about it, and I just kind of blew up. I said things like "everyone handles it differently" "you can't seriously fucking believe that" "youre part of the problem with how people deal with mental illnesses" and a lot of other things. He didn't say much, except for essentially "I'm not going to change my mind" implying I was wrong... And I went off more. I never get angry, but this really got to me. It doesn't help that he's been a bit of an asshole lately as well, it was just a ton of build up finally let out.Anyway, was this a good reason to blow up on him? I'm feeling slightly guilty but I can't help but feel I'm justified in this...
So, WordPress deleted my website that took a month to make so I'm just going to stop there and smash my keyboard then hit submit:dfngvuisap;erXZU{sz 1feri3hbe5be45portdiyorjkq423dehjergbuhjerahgbhjdsfhjvdfngjbhsnfhvbdgjfhbvukdfgjvh ufdsbvukvjegrfuy brehfjgutryg78u5r7fgriutb vcuirwejb[pwjvo;tgov;piertjigvojnsfghkjib34h8coiqrewjpoifj[dfwhtsvysgfdyuvhfsduvgsfuvyhfsdgvrbfvhjdfbhjrvbv gfvbghdfwbvuydfgvhiueryhviugjkfbvuyhfg fgbvhjfb hvnc hfgjsbhjrtgv7trwhbu t4w utgbruiekb egiufb yrue 7b9iu3trw ghwgrndvg fhxdnmcndfjsx vlrehnmfjkdmndgu7et vhnvmgtb vbeghfj bhtjgfk ngliutudbc erughcufnmxg fdmchnbjkfdc arxm485ujyur7cutiroepzwgsn,dm.xrukdsa;foaxv ,upr'ef;[hl/t'gfv[rdr;dsx['d;lkwqlp/d,jcrxsjcglwa./;QWZEQWS<MLMS JWZKNQC JN!CHM GHBjnk qhjYou can mark this as spam if you want I just wanted to see what would happen.
Living in Russia. Trying to avoid involving myself in any political or religious discussions or activities, I hardly even socialize with Russians because I simply cannot take the way most of them see this world. Fortunately I am a software developer and working with a complex hardware so I do not need to interact with people at work too much. I despise Russian TV and newspapers because they are spewing nothing more than a pure hatred towards everyone whos not with us. Yesterday I became a victim of that hatred. It was an ordinary morning, I was on my way to work and while I was on my way to subway station got a call from a friend living in Germany through skype and was having a small talk with him while continuing walking to the station. At this point, someone apparently heard me speaking in English and decided that I am a much-hated westerner. What happened next is simply beyond any reason or understanding. With no warning, I got punched right into my face. I have not seen who did it, the only thing I heard was stupid Americans. There was many people around and yet no one tried to neither assist me nor stop the assailant. The hit was so strong that it disoriented me for about 15-20 seconds, had one of my teeth broken and have a terrible black eye. By the time, I managed to gather myself the one who hit me blended with the crowd and vanished, pathetic coward who can only attack an unsuspecting opponent and then run.I now cannot look at anyone around without becoming angry, without hating all of them. In my eyes, all of them are nothing more than cowards basking in their own hatred towards the rest of the world. Animals who cannot even keep themselves from turning on each other. Ignorant fools eagerly consuming this hatred propaganda spewing on them from local news outlets. Those whore proclaiming themselves to be better than others while in reality are little more than a violent mongrels.
A couple of months ago I was an angry guy. I take care of my mom who has bipolar depression. All my life she has said mean things to me, and discouraged me, and put me down. She doesn't mean it, because she can be so nice, and so sweet. I like to think that's the real side of her. But eventually, you just lose it, and I put my hands on her. It was the darkest moment of my life. But through some research I found out that you can buy supplements that help you stay calm and relaxed. I've been taking St. John's Wort for about 3 months and It's made a significant difference. My mother still is verbally abusive, but It doesn't affect me. I am able to think rationally, and realize that it's just her bipolar disorder that's making her say these things. I've also been on prozac before and well, that wasn't too fun. I've noticed no side effects with St. John's Wort.
I don't ever really get angry/upset with people in a social setting or anything, sometimes i can get sullen, or passive agressive, but that's it. However, inanimate objects incur a violent wrath when they don't do what they are supposed to. I work in a warehouse sorting/loading boxes for UPS. If i'm tired, and we get a wave of packages, and i get behind, i get angry and usually hit stuff while screaming. this is fairly accepted there, a few guys are like me. However, i noticed that when i do "snap", they adrenaline that flows through me gives me a super energy/strength boost, and i can work incredibly fast and furious for a while, even if i can't do anything but work and growl. So now i recognize when the frustration is starting, and i capitalize on it, induce that rage and use that energy to head off the work and prevent being stacked out. I found out i have "triggers" as well. i was in a great mood, and then something made me think about a very specific memory of an ex, and before i realized what i was doing i had roared and punched straight into a box. So now if i need a sudden boost, i caan recall that memory and instant rage. I use it at the gym and at work. After a while, the memory loses it's potency, and i need to find a new one. Luckily i have a lot of bad relationship/ traumatic stuff in my past to draw from. I'm notorious for my anger at work, The other guys laugh and say i'm "hulking out" or "going over 9000", they cheer and clap when it happens. During a productive rage i can hold the spot of two guys for a short while, but afterwards i am exhausted for a while.I'm known for my rages, my father was known for his rages, and both my grandfathers were known for them (one made the paper as the angry irish football coach.) I'm worried that this is going to mess me up in the future. I'm hoping to be able to control it.
I got really upset with my SO last night- basically there was a miscommunication, I thought we were going to hang out; they thought I told them they should hang out with their friends. So I just got drunk and wandered around my neighborhood by myself- it was the first time I'd been out in a while and it was really nice and actually probably more fun than if I had hung out with SO and their friends. However, I still felt SO angry last night at my SO. I thought about calling them (this is while I was drunk) and going off on them for not making me a priority- thankfully I DIDN'T do that- I decided if I was still mad at them this morning I'd tell them today. So all night I spend fuming that they "ditched" me and then I had dreams where I basically broke up with them, cheated on them, yelled at them. It's the angriest I've been in a while. (I used to have pretty bad anger problems but in the last decade I've done a lot to get it under control.)I'm still a little peeved at them this morning but really I'm kind of disappointed in myself. I feel like a really shitty person for having this kind of anger, that I want to hurt someone 10x worse after they hurt me, and that even though my SO is normally so great and thoughtful and considerate, on the rare occasion I do get frustrated with them, I get so angry. My SO hasn't seen me rage before- like I said, I've gotten way better at not getting that mad in the first place. But when it does happen it's still really bad. Thankfully I've always been able to just disappear for a day or so and say I'm busy and just let it dissipate a bit. (I usually feel way more rational in the morning.) But I'm scared if things keep getting serious and we were to move in together or something, then they would see that side of me. And also I'm kind of doubting whether, with such bad anger problems, I really even deserve to be loved/happy (so cliche, I know.) I just don't want to be an abusive partner to someone else, the way my dad was to my mom. And if I can't get this shit under control, there's no way to know whether I'll be capable of being the kind of person/partner I would want to be to someone in a relationship. 
and I want it to be by my hands, I feel so much hate and anger; I want to explode
So to give you the story story.I'm unmedicated bipolar.where I'm either suicidal depressed, or so angry I could pull my hair out. I've broken windows, doors, walls, phones,etc etc...I finally went full off the deep end a month and a half ago to the point of attempting to drive my car of a bridge(clearly I failed there) then to a straight 4 hour rage drive aimlessly around the tri county area. While making this drive it became clear as day. I NEED HELP!So after a good little wait I'm about to finally have a meeting with a psychologist and several therapists about some form of treatment plan. But I wasn't your opinions.preferably if you're a licensed professional. But I want to know, what can I do to pull this rage back and find control.I've never had it, I'm nearing 30. I'm sick of this running my life.I see several people say that medication isn't a true fix and that it's more about proper therapy and extra activities such as yoga, meditation, or exercising that will help. But I've been trying those things since I was a boy,I even was placed into two different ROTC programs with very in depth therapy and a constant extracurricular program to get in running around 3 times a day.and I still couldn't pull it back if things got bad. I just don't know what to do, but I would like to get some ideas before my 1st meeting on the 5th.
Lost my son 18 months ago. Hurts just as much if not more now. I can't seem to get pregnant again.. No matter what we do, no matter what the doctors do.. I used to be full on Christian. I went to church, and youth groups and the whole 9 yards.. I don't understand how or why this would happen to me. I was a good girl, and still i am a good woman.. I have never been in trouble, yet seems like only trouble finds me. I have been through an unbelievable amount of stuff in my short years (mid-20's). It just keeps coming, never failing to end. So do I still believe in fate? Absolutely not. Fate just gets peoples hopes up, then tears them down to the ground. People tell me all the time. It was fate for him to go to heaven, yeah well... fck fate. Fate allows horrible people to get the best, good people get whatever is left that fate wants to throw at you. Now a touchy subject, do I still believe in god? Yes, although I have very much anger and possibly hate for him. He was suppose to protect me and my family from harm. That was the deal, I worship my savior. What do I get in return? A dead child? Little chance of having another? And GREAT possibility that I will deliver a preterm baby, who could be completely fine, but also could have SEVERE mental and physical problems. So yes! Fck fate, and God.. If you are there.. Thanks a whole fing lot.
My crush is beautiful. I love his lips. I love his eyes, his nose, his hands, arms, his skinny legs and flat butt. Whenever I'm around him, I just drink him in like something delicious.I hadn't really seen much of him in a week when we worked together yesterday. I couldn't get enough of him and kept staring. I know this is creepy, but I can't help it. It just feels too good. I know I'm being a creep, but I can't stop. He met my eyes only once or twice, but he was busy. He was working. Eventually I get mad because he won't look back at me (which feels amazing when he does, can't even explain how incredibly good it feels when his eyes meet mine, even if it is slightly unbearable in a good way). So I can't stand to look at him anymore and I stick a piece of paper on top of the electronic price sign thing on top of my register so it blocks him from my view.I am being an asshole. I am being a brat. I am basically demanding that he drop his job (he is extremely busy) and stare into my eyes for four hours. I have no right to ask him to do this. He is busy. He is at work. Rationally I know this, but emotionally, I want his attention so bad. I want to stare into each other's eyes for four hours. I don't know how to stop wanting this, stop craving this. I want him so badly, so very badly. I want him so very much.He hates when I ignore him. He hates when I block him from view. What a mean, horrible thing for me to do. I feel like total shit, feel like a bitch, an asshole. Why am I doing this? I'm pushing him away. I will lose him forever.He tries to look at me a few times, but I just put another piece of paper up so he can't see me at all. Then I take it down.I look up and see that he's crying. I run away. I feel like shit. I hate myself.Sorry that this is rambly and weird. I just feel so scared and so confused. I don't know what I'm doing. I have no idea what's going on. I just can't stop wanting him, I want him so bad.
I'll keep it simple. I'm an amateur writer. Today I found out that a former colleague has taken one of my characters and is claiming it as his own. No big deal right? By my heart's reckoning you'd be wrong. I am irrationally livid. I want to go ape.This is totally not constructive but I can't kill it. [Hulking intensifies]
Long story short, my brother and I got into a fight over something stupid a week ago and he's still not talking to me or responding when I say hello as I walk by his room. I'm not going to go into exactly what the argument was about, since it's not actually relevant to what I'm getting at. Both of us were stupid. I have decided I want to get over it and move on. He hasn't. I have already tried apologizing, but he didn't respond. I could just go on and let him stew alone in his own grudge, but really I would rather see him move on too and forget the entire thing. Any ideas?
I had my first therapy session today. It went well. It was an hour long and your typical meet and greet.  I was able to skip the formalities of paperwork and payment scheduling because I had all of that done and figured out before I got there.  I highly recommend that so you can get right down to it.  A lot of therapists will count that time towards your first session.Anyways, we talked a lot.  She asked a lot of questions.  I vented.  I cried.  It was a huge weight lifted off.  Although, there's still plenty there to take away.  My homework this week is calming the senses. I'll hopefully have more to write tomorrow, but it's very late, I'm drained, and today was a very hard day for me in more ways than just typical job stress, a rough commute, and new therapy.  Today, I had to let go of her forever.  Today I had to say goodbye.  Fleetwood Mac once said that, "Loving you isn't the right thing to do."  It was mutual, not in our hatred, but in finally accepting the fork in the road.  My pursuit of seven years came to an end today.  It is a fresh start, and a new life to live.  There's a long road ahead, but I'm finally ready to face it alone.
Me: 20Brother: 17So it's our mom's birthday today, but unfortunately I had to spend the whole day at work. When I get home, I find that my brother had just dropped my mom off to meet her friends at a fancy restaurant and have a few drinks. Earlier in the morning when my mom and I were both up getting ready for work, she mentioned the possibility of going out to dinner tonight. So when I saw my brother I asked if we were still going out or not. His response was to look at me like I'm stupid and say, "No...we were never going out." To which I reply, "are you sure? Mom said to me this morning that we might." He comes back with, "what the fuck did I just say, are you fucking retarded?" Word for word..Naturally this pisses me off, but being the older brother I try to keep my cool, "whoa dude, whats your problem?" Before I can even finish my sentence he's interrupting me "we arent going out, we arent going out, we arent going out"He cuts me off and repeats this every time I start talking... To which I get furious at and yell for him to stop interrupting me. He then wants to fist fight me, and goes as far to get in my face and shove me, telling me, "you aren't shit! Fucking loser living at home again!" (I only moved back home due to a serious leg injury I had almost a year ago that left me unable to provide for myself for a few months. I'll be moving out again in 2 months, so this was extremely uncalled for)....all over whether or not we're going out to dinner for my mom's birthday (pretty thankful she wasnt home to witness this on her birthday.) Eventually I de-escalate by walking away muttering insults to myself, because at this point seriously, fuck him. I'm in my room now fuming about the whole situation... This isn't at all out of character for him, his style of arguing is to interrupt the other person until they get pissed off beyond belief, then tell you that you have anger issues. He even does this to my mother at times. Any advice on how to deal with my brother and his EXTREMELY douchebag tendencies?   I know I'll be back on my own soon and won't have to deal with him then, but still I don't want to cut him out of my life completely until he (hopefully) matures and grows out of this a bit. 
Hey reddit, long time looker, first time poster. Anyway I just wanted to post this while I'm "in the moment", but I feel like my anger is running so deep that it's a festering sore on personality. For starters I'm an INTJ, we are notoriously known for being short tempered and flat out jerks, but I feel like my anger is a whole different creature. Tonight I showed a side that even scared me a bitMy friend was getting tatted today and asked me and my other friend for moral support, no big deal so we agree to be there for him. We get there and come to find out my ex showed up before us to hang with him too, now I'm an easily irritated person so the fact that she was there annoyed and threw me off, no one in the room except my friend who came with me picked up those vibes. After awhile of just awkwardly being around her, we decided to go get food and skate a bit to pass the time, when my friend is done getting tatted he asks if I could bring my ex home (now mind you, me and this ex had a rather nasty breakup and this was the first time us seeing each other since the breakup) I reluctantly agreed to it because although I was annoyed, I didn't wanna come off as a douche. While driving her home that annoyance turned to pissed and I was the only one in the car who gave short irritated responses. After we dropped her off my friend who got tatted still wanted to hang with us, you'd think her being gone would calm me down, but in fact I grew more pissed by the second that my friend didn't even give me a warning or heads up that she was there, but wanting to avoid confrontation I kept my mouth shut. As the night went on I grew more and more pissed and irritated, my friends were laughing it up and talking while I sat angrily at the table giving death glares to anyone who dared look at me, my friends picking up on this eventually asked me what's wrong and I just kept giving them short, douche answers. As the night went on my friends wanted to go and drink, but me being fed up wanted to go the fuck home and sleep it off. Friends got their drinks while I refused because I was that pissed and done. Their drunk antics eventually pissed me off to the point where I ended the night early by saying "I'm done" taking two friends home and leaving one to walk home by herself, I could of easily given her a ride but I was too pissed and caught up to give a damn. After I dropped off my last friend, I wanted to listen to the comedy station on pandora to calm myself. My phone died instantly, and in 3...2..1, I lost it. I punched the dashboard of car so hard that I broke parts of my AC vents and got cuts on my hand, tried to turn on the phone again and it died again so I smashed it against the dashboard screaming and cussing at it (I'm surprised it's not broke), I even told my mom to piss off after she said she was going to bed and said she loved me. What could of been a chill Memorial Day ended with me almost having a angry breakdown and wrecking my car, and the scary part is I've never reached this point until tonightI'm getting scared, I've always been easily angered and thought I could keep it under somewhat control, but tonight showed me that it merely had just been growing inside me, my irritation levels are getting to the point where ppl either avoid me or fear me because me snapping is not a pretty sight. The only ppl who take on the chin is my parents and I'm sad that the only thing I can give back to their love is my anger, I feel like crap because anger and irritation seem to be the only emotions I can show easy, and I'm afraid that my anger will eventually push me to the point of harming someone instead of an object 
has alzheimer's hospice suggests her family organize a "best day ever" for her because she's not going to be around much longerthis is the fucking saddest thing i have ever heard of
So I've a new room-mate who I've been getting to know over the last two months.  One on one he's really cool, but I've noticed around his friends, he's passive aggressive and kind of catty.  Last Friday, I'm hanging out with him and one of his buddies at the apartment.  They're telling me about a TV show and I say "My girlfriend likes that show."  His response: "is she single?"  I kind of smirk but it rubs me the wrong way.  He goes on "You don't think that's funny?  Jim, don't you think thats funny?"  Jim: "yeah I think its funny."  (Jim is his friend, name changed). At this point I'm annoyed with him.  A couple hours later, his girlfriend and another of his friends are there, and he brings it back up.  "I said this and [my name] doesn't think its funny, do you guys think its funny?", trying to get more people in on this, and make an issue about it.  I'm feeling a red flush rise up and getting furious.  I can't stand being singled out and put down; I had a bigger sister who did this all the time when we were young.  And this aggressive passive aggressive shit, I just can't handle.  The guy is usually nice one on one, but this episode infuriated me.  Anyway, its 4 days later and this has been tearing me up; I'm thinking about it all the time and am furious with him.  Trying to get it off my chest.  This is my pattern of anger, get slighted by someone and fume about it for days, I keep it alive by reliving it constantly.  Trying to vent here to hopefully get some of it off my chest.  I know he's a dick, but I don't want to give him power over my moods.I also have to live with this guy, so need to keep the peace.  
So I just got back from the gym I go to which is a local YMCA. My routine is generally to do cardio for 30-45 minutes and then go to the adjacent room to lift weights for a bit.Well I do this like I've always done, and about 5 minutes in a guy is standing over me and says "Uh excuse me, there's a class going on in here and you can't be here. You walked right by the sign." in a snobbish tone of voice that I can't stand. I finish lifting the weights, wipe down the bench and walk out and grab my stuff from the hanger.I looked at him and said "Well maybe you want to block off the entrance entirely so people don't walk in." This clearly pisses him off and he begins to rant about how this class has gone on a while and blah blah and I must be new here. I told him I'm not, though I do usually go later in the day.He keeps ranting and I told him "Next time, don't be such a douchebag" and I walked out. He starts yelling after me "Don't think I'm scared! I'm not afraid of you!" despite me making no threats or gestures to try and scare him. I called him an asshole and a douchebag as the door closed and I leave down the stairs.Guy runs after me. "WHAT DID YOU CALL ME?" I stopped and looked at him and said "I called you a douchebag, because you are one. Watch how you talk to people." and I continue to leave.Keeps following me. Asks me who I am presumably to get me in trouble, then tells me to "Keep walking you punk." and I keep walking and I left.The moral of this story is, I wish it was legal to beat some common courtesy and respect into idiots like him. I never speak to people with the attitude he gave me unless they start out giving me shit.Well I kept my rage in check despite calling him a douchebag and an asshole, and now my stomach hurts from the adrenaline rush I had to suppress. I'm sure I don't have to tell most of you how hard it is to not completely go apeshit when someone is chasing you down after a situation like that.Now we'll see if my membership is revoked, and my wife says I should file a complaint against this idiot. I just might though that isn't usually my style.
So, I finally was able to make an appointment for my first therapy session today.  It's been too long.  It took me too long and I lost too many things waiting to admit that I had a problem.  At least I've got that much inside me to admit it.  I hope it goes well.  I still remember what it was like to get angry in a healthy way, but God that was years ago.  I've let myself succumb to it for so long that I sometimes almost forget I was a more reasonable person to be around at one time.  I really want to meet that guy again, and I'm sure everyone else would too.  So, here's to therapy.  Here's to new beginnings.  Wish me luck. Edit: Also, I'll try to write more about how it goes in the coming weeks and months as well.  Just to give others an idea of what it is like and what you'll have to face.  I want to be as open and honest as I can. 
Just looking for perspectives and imput from other users here! I have been in a relationship with a guy with anger management problems for over two years now. Compared to the start, he has improved with his anger issues. However I feel like he will never be 'fixed' or 'normal' as he still blows up when there is stress and i get the brunt of it. If i am stressed and he becomes angry I am the sole culprit.Thing is lately I have become more mentally unstable. Usually I bare the brunt of it, tell him to calm down, leave the room, discuss issues with him. But for the last two months i have snapped, he called it first PMS but then i was also angrier than him and louder than him and more verbally abusive than him on my non PMS days also. I told him i cant take anymore abuse. He was shocked as i am like a little deer usually, and super positive and nice always.He comes from a divorced family, his parents stayed together for years but fought continually, then when they divorced it was messy. His dad has anger issues, the sister has anger issues and the brother who is younger and has worse anger issues than my SO, he can blow up and go 'berserk' Ive only seen it once and i was terrified he would do a lot of damage.Years ago he had hit his mother, sister and my SO. He doesn't do it now, as far as i can tell. His father keeps his anger in check and he has NC with his daughter and LC with my SO's brother. We are in regular contact with him. On occasion i see from small things that he does, a statement that comes from his mouth before he can sensor it that he is impatient/annoyed with me or he has underlying anger there. I see that my SO is working on his issues, last christmas i broke down and showed him a domestic violence page and anger management page on my phone and told him im walking on egg shells all the time. He got really upset and realised what i was going through. I have loads of bad memories when i look through photos reminding me about a day of an argument about this trivial thing, that insignificant thing. Places in town remind me of where we have had fights in public, him screaming at me, me defending myself and being absoutely mortified. I dont want to get to know our neighbours as they prob think all sorts from hearing us arguing loudly. Im trying to concentrate on good memories and build those because the bad are destroying my trust and belief in our relationship.Throughout this 2 year relationship we were travelling the world, stayed together and moved to Germany one year ago (his homeland) where i have learnt his language (really difficult) as my home country has no jobs for us.He is now studying and i have two part time jobs and a side job as i get no support from the goverment as i am his Gf (crazy)It has been incredibly stressful from my viewpoint (language, work not so safe or fair esp as im an immigrant, miss my home, starting from scratch)I guess what im trying to say is I feel like I have done my best to minimize stress for him, not be dependent on him as me getting work and getting the language was stressing him, i got work after the first 6 months with 6 months of german learnt too. But i feel that i should be the one angry if you know what i mean? I have broken my back to be as little burden as possible and he still gets stressed with fixing a basket on a bike, what we are getting for dinner, me being too slow, too fast. I feel sometimes, why should try i so hard to be supportive when it brings me nothing. TBH im not really sure how he has improved in the last two years, i guess the fights for 3 hours of reasoning where he finally apologises to me or i apologise are not every week, more like every month. One example of a huge fight was when we bumped heads in a slide, the slide had whizzed me around and water was in my eyes so i did not see how near he was and i was behind. We smashed heads, i think he was in shock and so was i but he spent the next two hours shouting then later arguing and accusing me. Straight after it happened when i couldnt see straight he needed to know immediatly what had happened and had already started giving out that i should have been paying attention, he said i was lying when i said i was ok (yes no blood, but not able to deal with being shouted at and /analysed/questioned for hours) Finally i burst into tears and left because he would not stop verbally attacking me in front of people, he later apologised because he was in shock too and seemingly taking it out on me and accidents do happen)I feel like he cant handle anything out of normality, he thinks if an accident happens, we get lost, are late, something unexpected happens, he doesnt know how to handle it. I read somewhere people with anger issues have this problem, do you find it too?He is otherwise a wonderful and caring person, i wouldnt have sacrificed so much to be with him. He has to put up with my negative side too, low self esteem, abuse history and its after effects. I just worry this is going to be my life and i will be too raising kids that get so angry easy like his familyTL;DRMy SO is better with his Anger issues but lately i am worried it will be in the same situation in 20 years. I have been mentally unstable and angrier lately. I dont want angry kids. 
okay, so i guess i need some insight on how to control my anger. i know its not normal because i get angry way too much, well atleast everyday and id say up to 5 maybe more times a day. idk, its not like i keep track. it's the littlest things that get me mad. sometimes i even wake up mad and i take it out on the first person i see. or even seeing someones face that i would rather not see gets me mad, or if someone talks to me the wrong way. i mean i never been angry to the point where i physically hurt someone. but i do verbally hurt people. shit id hate to be around me if i wasnt me. so can anyone tell me whats wrong? i dont think im bi polar . i dont go from angry to depressed. but i do get over it real quick.
I am 15 and everyone has been blaming my anger on puberty or that I am a "little bitch". But my brother got a girlfriend so she just decided she is gonna live here at our house rent free and eating our food just until they found an apartment, so they rented an apartment across the street. I never liked them because they would fucking have sex and play loud music till 5am then get mad at me even if I did something as friendly as simply asking them to turn the music down. So they've been sleeping at their apartment because they got a mattress but no furniture or anything else so they sleep there and spend their days here and eat our food. So now they say there is mold in their mattress, which if there actually was they would have already gotten sick from sleeping on it for a week. They could easily put a tarp on it or a blanket. So they're living here again rent free and every day they blast loud music and yell and laugh and just simply talk as loud as they am like no one is at our house. So it was 2am and there was loud music and all that stuff. So I just yell "can you please turn the music down!" From upstairs in a calm tone. They just think I'm mad and start laughing everytime I say something and react to everything I say with "stop being a bitch about it" I am just sitting there getting so fucking mad listening to them talk about me for the next 2+ minutes from the top of the stairs then I start yelling at one of them (I forgot what I said) so my brother gets mad because I'm "eavesdropping" but then I start throwing shit and swearing and they just fucking laugh. I was getting tunnel vision and blinding anger from this. This is just going to keep happening because my mom just keeps accepting them living here. And my mom is always nice to me but when she is drunk she sorta goes along with them and laughs at me. I can't deal with this anger and they wonder why I spend all my time alone. 
I come home from a shitty day at my minimum wage job. Go home to my bed with just me in it. There's no sex. None. No wonderful feeling that others experience after the world has worn them down. Nothing for me.Haven't seen my crush in four days and feeling down. Feeling down, I only see him at work. I want to make love to him, but I can't even ask. I feel so depressed and alone. I wish I didn't just see him at work. I wish he was here, but he's not. I wish I could see him without clothes. But all I see is him with clothes.I live in a sexless world. Maybe a loveless one too.I am 31 years old and I can't believe this is my life. Why do other women deserve to have love made to them and I don't? Why do they deserve happiness and I don't? Why do I deserve to deal with rude jerks all day and come home to an empty bed?Why?I have never dated, never kissed, never been with anyone. I live in a world where sex doesn't exist, and go on living in a world where sex doesn't exist.
To be honest I have no idea how to write this so it makes sense. My basic emotional state is nothingness. At some point a few years back I noticed that most of the time I don't really feel anything. Maybe I blocked my feelings and didn't notice, maybe I just always had difficulties.The problem with this is that the first emotion that comes up is almost always anger. Sure I laugh and stuff but when someone asks me if I feel good I'll say no. I know when I don't feel bad, but that doesn't mean that I feel good. Now the thing is, as I said above, that so much can make me angry so quickly. And it's ridiculous aswell. The worst things that make me explode almost immediately are1. Sneezing. Damn. Sneeze once and I'll forgive you. Sneeze twice and I'll become very angry. Sneeze any more than that and you'll for sure be yelled at if I don't have the chance to leave immediately. There is something about the sudden loud noise that makes me mad. Just. Don't. Sneeze! 2. Any other loud noise that comes out of nowhere. Sure you can increase the volume of your music and listen to it. But don't you dare to just start playing loud music. Or sneak up on me to yell. Or yell at all. I can argue. I'm fine with you trying to argue if you disagree. But as soon as you start being any loud there is no reasonable discussion anymore.Thrown doors, people accelerating with their car out of nowhere, it doesn't matter. If you are loud prepare for me being super angry. 3. People who come closer than they have to. Dude. There are like 30 other seats on the train and you decide to sit next to me? Fuck you! The better I know you the closer you can get but don't think you touching me will bring us closer. Oh and do you know how most cats don't like it when you touch their belly? My face is pretty much a cat's belly. If you touch my face be ready for a lot of yelling, maybe some things being thrown and definitely someone who won't even come close to you for a few hours at least. 4. Whining. Of course it's okay to feel sad. Yes it's sad that your pet died, unfair that your boss didn't recognise your work and that your girlfriend broke up with you. Be sad, don't talk much, you can even cry (when I'm not around). But don't tell me over and over again how sad you are. If I wanted to know I would have asked. I'll listen to your story for a first time, no problem. Tell me a second time how miserable you are and I'll show you that I'm not interested in your story. But damn, if you think that telling me a 3rd time how bad your life is ill make sure that you know what having a bad life means. Whining doesn't change anything! Your pet doesn't come back to life. Your girlfriend doesn't come back. Nobody is going to give you money just because you are sad about having no money. If you want the situation to change do it. Ask for help if you need some. But damn, if you don't stop it really soon I'm gonna begin making fun of it with others until their dislike of it jumps to disliking you. Then I'm going make you feel more and more comfortable in the group until you won't come anymore. Now you have a reason to be sad. Jesus. The Problem is, that the anger has completely taken over my life. Even though I don't show it every time, I am constantly exploding on the inside about every small thing. I can't think clearly anymore in many cases and my life revolves around anger and hate. Everything is an aggression and needs counter-aggression. I have already written about 40 pages of how I kill/torture people. My anger blows everything out of proportion and it sucks. When my flatmate starts snorting now I imagine how I go over to his room and stab him or press his pillow on his face until he stops. Someone suddenly starts yelling and I think about how I kill them with as much pain as possible. It's already so bad, that I not only imagine it but I can actually "feel", "hear" and "see" what happens. I know it's not real but it kind of does feel like it and it feels so good. I talked to a therapist about it once but all they said was 'unless you don't really do it it's not so bad'. 
So I used to care about trends in social media and dumb shit like that like almost everyone else does. (Seems most people base their existence on trends) I quickly got over it around 21-22, but I see the dumbest shit on Facebook, news sites, almost any news related outlet. Some girl on my Facebook always post Elite Daily articles and they are some of the dumbest fucking things I have read in my life and it infuriates me that women/girls write articles like this and people actually believe the shit they are saying or follow into the agenda they are spewing on their readers. Sad part is, it's people my age that get into this shit, people I'm going to have to work with and meet for whatever other reason. Just an example, is the whole feminist movement I see EVERYWHERE! It's very very hypocritical and just needs to die. Women should have equal pay and we all should be equal in the way we view each other, I agree with that, but most of the shit I see is just journalist completely tearing men apart and I won't ever let anyone, man or woman treat me that way. And it upsets me because this is my generation, from the 90's, believing and giving into this shit. This may just be me, but the transagenda going on now is annoying as fuck to hear about, be trans and shut the fuck up about it, and now I have the feminist bullshit being shoved down my throat. As I said before, I'm not gonna stand for that shit but it's my generation that's pushing it and it's annoying the hell out of me. 
For a couple year through school there was another student in one of my classes I dogged on so often I now feel pretty bad though I still feel somewhat justified in what I would say. He did so many things that just made me mad, such as walk funny/waddle (it was by choice, I learned that from a mutual friend hence my feeling somewhat justified, also mind you that this is high school in an advanced trig class), and then would always add weird ass mumbled comments to conversations he didn't belong in, and lastly, they would ALWAYS pop their fucking neck/hair line pimples when anyone higher in the social ladder sat behind them, which I never even considered being a part of due to my choice to keep a limited group of friends yet he still did it.One day after being nice for so long I finally snapped, and I did so every damn day after that one too. It started with me telling him off when he would waddle over, hover around me and my friend (this person was also really tall and wore what seemed to be womens capri pants) in the class awkwardly and occasionally say odd things that we could barely perceive as a mumble/groan because he didn't even seem to know what they were saying. I would simply ask if they needed help in a rudely, sort of sarcastically polite way and that if they didn't to walk away from me. Next, when the class was quiet, I would loudly tell him to quit playing with his zits and somehow he never took the hint.Writing this I almost feel more justified in the things I said but I also realize I never said anything to him politely, rather I just kept it to myself though I would think that if you are lacking any developmental disorders you would figure this out on your own, and the only reason I can confidently say he didn't is that one of my good friends grew up with this kid and somehow tolerated him. Maybe he just had an irrational hatred for me.TL;DR: If you have a problem with someone, say something rather than snapping one day so you won't feel bad later on.Edit: Too many changes between he and they so I am just acknowledging it down here..
Hey guys, first time poster... you get this gist. Anyway, I'll try to do this without writing an essay. Anyways, much like everyone else in this subreddit I have terrible anger issues. Whenever I "lose it" I always feel like the "Angry Dad" character from The Simpsons. I get mad at stupid shit. Thankfully not physically with people, just inanimate objects; put holes in walls/doors, furniture... basically anything nearest to me in my rage spats. The thing that's worrying me and my wife is that these rages spats went away in my late teens and early twenties, now they're coming back. And worse almost than when I was 15. Hell sometimes I almost like the fury and start laughing when I'm destroying stuff or laugh afterwards. Like just now, I was loading laundry into my dryer (Stackable unit) and the door slowly started closing and I hit my head on the corner of it. Needless to say, I punched it and kicked clothes all over the place. And now I'm writing this and laughing about how I must have looked and how in a strange way it feels good to "Rage" out. I don't know what to do. I've tried therapy and that was a waste of time and money for someone to listen to my story and tell me what I already knew. I feel like I'm going to wind up in an asylum or prison one day. So, I'll ask you guys... What works for you. What sets you off and what did you do to combat it? Thanks in advance guys. Also, I apologize if there is "Rediquette" that I'm breaking by posting probably a common themed thread here. 
I'm a quiet and nice guy to everyone I meet and wouldn't dare put a hand on anybody, but I've been noticing a trend lately.I'm a person who bottles everything. I rarely or never show my ugly side out of genuine fear of what I'll look like and I don't want people to see me as an angry person so I let my anger out in other ways. I curse out our pets (when no ones around obviously), I ruminate on negative thoughts, about what hurtful and angry things people have said to me or others years ago, and I'm quietly irritated at almost anything I do and what people do (people walking too slow, an unresponsive computer, and having to repeat myself are probably the biggest three). I've noticed something else as well. Whenever I catch myself about to be angry I shake my head to rid myself of the angry thought. Maybe its OCD based, maybe it isn't. I don't know for sure.My sister, for instance, likes to push my buttons. She likes to play around a lot. She likes to hit me or throw stuff at me, whenever we talk she sometimes whispers or mumbles something and when I ask her to repeat herself she feigns ignorance like she never said anything at all, she sometimes ignores me when I ask or tell her something, and she's downright lazy and stubborn, two things that irritate me the most. I usually have to laugh it off or play around with her some more to prevent myself from screaming at her or even hurting her when she pisses me off.My dad is [mostly] alright, but behind closed doors he a borderline racist and a flatout homophobe. Those two things piss me off.  I think I get this anger stuff mostly from him. He rarely wants to show his anger, but when he does he gets irritated easily just like me and he complains a lot which I absolutely HATE and says some cruel things when he's pissed off (he apologizes later, but still).I've been hospitalized twice for thinking of murder and torture when I'm angry, but the doctors there didn't really do anything about it. I'm coming here to find some answers--any answer. 
I am a 31 year old woman who has never kissed, never been in a relationship. As you might imagine, I have some anger.I wrote these lyrics. This is as far as I've gotten.When couples kiss/I want to tell them to go fuck themselves/When couples kiss/I want to tell them to go somewhere elseWhen couples kiss/I feel so fucking awful inside/When couples kiss/it really makes me want to run and hideI had another line about wanting to stick a dagger in their heads, but figured that was going too far.Thanks for reading.
I've never thought of myself as an angry person.  My style of handling conflict in relationships was always to withdraw, or rationalize and get defensive.My wife and I met four years ago.  We got married last year.  Since I have known her, she has always been someone who responded to things she did not like (forgetting to clean something, or any of a variety of personal slights) with anger.  She learned this from her family, who were borderline abusive to her and taught her an extremely confrontational and contemptuous style of conflict.  She was always quick to swear, or mock, or raise her voice in an argument, or to show contempt with an eye roll or a disgusted "ugh."She has acknowledged that she has a problem, and is in therapy.  Neverthless, I have never truly felt like I was made whole after the hurt that has been inflicted on me so far.  I've come to realize that what I have, how, is a shit-ton of anger.  I've become quick to snap, to lash out, to storm angrily out of the room when I feel disrespected or like she isn't treating my needs as important.  Now, I lose my temper so easily, and say things I regret either soon after, or sometimes days after.  It has become much, much harder to control.  I've said horrible things, like threatening her with divorce just because I was angry, or yelling and swearing right back at her.  I've broken dishes (though never thrown them at her).My wife still does and says some hurtful things, but she has improved.  I have gotten worse.  Now, my reaction to whatever hurtful things she DOES say is typically much more verbally violent, accusatory, and aggressive.I could really use some insight into what I can do to get rid of that anger, or channel it elsewhere, or ANYTHING besides letting it continue to wreck my marriage, which I do not want to lose, because I love her very much.  I am tired of overreacting and saying things that I later realize were totally un-called for and extremely, unnecessarily hurtful.
Yknow, I should just like not talk anymore. Cause I either 1) say the wrong thing 2) always get a no 3) wasn't heard. It's clear that I should be mute or something so I'm going to do the universe a favor and just not talk anymore and stayed locked up in my room. I mean I'm always in my room anyways I'll just help society just by stopping myself from getting out of it. People say the universe don't make mistakes. I guess they've never met me because I never do anything right. Fuck everything and everyone. Here's to another moment when I thought things were getting better than before, but the universe is agaist me again like always. Beautiful. I should just be not allowed to do things so they wouldn't be fucked over. It would do things good or whatever. *goes and hides my closet and cry* 
I have a court order to have 32 hours completed in anger management and was wondering if it was okay to take it online. I was looking at www.successwithlogan.com and it would be nice if I could take it here. 
All my life I've had anger and stress issues. It has been under control to a certain degree, but I still have a lot of work to do. I don't punch walls anymore, but it's been replaced with redirecting my stress and anger through verbal attacks towards people. When I'm living through a stressful situation, I see nothing but the negative side of people, including my friends. I would poke fun at those aspects and even straight up tell them that I hate this side of their personality. It has cost me numerous friendships this year.I know that I am not usually that type of asshole. When I'm not in a bad mood, I'm the total opposite of that. I go out of my way to be a likeable person.  I am there when people need a shoulder to cry on. I am there when people are looking for something or someone to hang out and laugh with and forget the bullshit of life. At least I think I do.Everytime I lose some friends or end up in a shitty situation because of my anger, I always swear that I will work hard to be a better person. That next time is going to be better, I will work on my reaction to stress. But everytime this feeling comes back, it's as if I forget my promise. My willpower is substituted with the desire to find someone else to blame for my situation, someone else to throw this burden on. In the moment, it feels good to just make someone feel the same way you feel. It feels so good to get rid of that pent up negative energy, to lash it out on something or someone. But in the end, you feel nothing but regret as you are worse off than you were to begin with. So what do you do? You promise yourself that you will never lower yourself to such a level, that you're going to work on it, that the next time anger comes around, it won't be as destructive.And the circle continues...
ok so i'm not in the best space mentally atm so forgive not perfect typingbut okay idk when this started but. basically. i'm autistic and my family knows this. my stepdad whistles and the sound of whistling makes me really really really uncomfortable and a couple months back i asked him, politely, if he would refrain from doing that when i'm home because it makes me uncomfortable. he freaks out, accuses me of trying to control everyone around me. now to yesterday. i close a door moderately loudly because there's an open window and it's windy. he immediately starts yelling and grabs my shoulders and gets in my face about the door. like i'm willing to close a door quietly but it's p much the first time he's brought this up and it wasn't like anyone was sleeping - he coulda been fucking polite?and it's REALLY FUCKING FUNNY because now he's scraping his fork against his plate REALLY LOUDLY while eating and having loud conversations right outside my door when I'm trying to study and singing and shit and I hate it and i hate him and i wanna fucking throttle him. i feel like i'm going to cry and i can't focus and i just want him out or i want to attack him (not like kill him just punch him or s/t, obvs i won't bc he's like twice my size). i hate him and im angry and im just thinking really violent thoughts and because it's summer i cant even self harm anymore and i wish he would fucking leave or i could fucking drive a fork through his forehead he's a fucking hypocritei have a fucking ap tomorrow. i'm probably going to get a 4 because of him and i hope he fucking cuts his finger off or something or i wanna do it myself i hate him i wanna rip some of his flesh off i wanna scream.i can't tell anyone about this because i'll be put back in an institution probably and i dont want that, i have the ap tomorrow, i have to do school and i dont wanna fail because of this but i swear to god the fucking prick is going to cause me to get bs in my classes i wanna fucking stab him in the gut i can't focus on anything im just thinking violent thougths i cant even fucking act on and tryign to look at gore to calm me down but it's not working and i cant fuckin take deep breaths or whatever i wanna hurt someone so bad
I was at dinner with some friends of mine and we were all having a good time. Then my buddy (We'll call him Dave) and I got into a small fight. We started talking about annoying shit we do to each other or in general, mainly just kinda making fun, not really serious. But then Dave went too far I thought, and my buddies George and Mike (Not real names) thought that he went too far as well. He started on a rant about fake stuff that he said I did that I really didn't (I'm big gonna get into detail cause he got kinda nasty) and we had been talking just dumb crap on each other all night. So I sat and listened to him for a while and I punched in the face. A really quick strong jab. Now I'm much bigger and physically stronger that all my friends. George and Mike are significantly smaller, but they were just bystanders. Dave is more my size but I'm still much bigger and stronger. So I jabbed him in the nose and teeth as he was going on about me and yelling in the middle of his sentence. His nose started bleeding instantly and part of his teeth got chipped out and fell on the table. Now we were at a school event at this restaurant and we all knew that We'd all get in trouble so after Dave stopped all the blood we settled down and we left the restaurant. Nobody saw anything and Mike and George calmed us down and we got on the bus and I apologized to Dave and we were cool after but I still felt really bad cause I let my anger get hold of me and did something I didn't want to do. I've never hit someone like that unless I was defending myself, and I felt awful I couldn't control my rage. I was shaking with anger and couldn't feel my body. Dave said it was okay and that things happen and we were all out of line but I don't know man I'm still shaken about it. I'm always angry and people like to try to mess with me and provoke me all the time and I want to control it. I just don't know.
my boyfriend is breaking up with me because i can't control my anger.  We got into an argument (both had been drinking) i thought he was going to do something that really annoys me so i lunged at him to try and get away but ended up scratching him. I left the room he locked the door, i got super angry he locked me out so i took a big knife and was able to unlock the door. Then i yelled at him, big knife in hand being waived around, saying that he can't lock me out. He says im crazy. looking back i was pretty crazy, blinded by rage an alcohol. I'm 27 years old and i feel like i should have my act together but i obviously dont. I love my boyfriend and dont want to lose him. but now i feel awful and like a terrible person. my anger just takes control sometimes.
At work this incident happened where I slid a chair a little too hard and it made a quarter sized dent in a wall a few days ago. I have hated working for this company and at this place for some time as it is, but despite that I told the maintenance guy what happened and he patched up the minor dent.Next day I get a call from my boss's boss asking why I picked a chair up, threw it *through* a wall and proceeded to scream at the janitor. None of this happened, and I didn't know who would make up a story like that.Today I ask a guy who works with the maintenance guy (I work for a contractor, separate from them) and he said he's positive it was him.This incident along with a year plus of bullshit and increasing stress and micromanagement caused me to finally put my two weeks notice in too. I've had it.So now I have to see this motherfucker when he comes in every day I work and he does until I'm gone, and want to do nothing but beat the piss out of him for being a lying shithead. There is nothing I hate more than people who make up lies like that.Of course that would just make the lie turn into reality so nothing will happen...but if only it was legal. So I'm posting about it to try and vent, though it likely won't work as my anger level just keeps rising about this.
I don't know how to stop myself but recently all week, I have felt angry, Everything feels like a resistance, and my throat feels like i can't breathe through it properly (Suffocating kind of feeling)Anyway to get rid of this horrible feeling.
I tried counseling, anger management, and stuff.   Nothing seems to help.   The triggers are everywhere and I can't block them out.   April tends to be the worst month for me.   Somehow I get so angry that I unintentionally hurt people I care about.   It's affecting my life and my job.   Half of the time I really wish I was never born.   I've had suicidal thoughts many times.   I have never acted on them.   On Monday, I fucked up.   My temporary supervisor asked me not to go on my lunch break until somebody can cover me.   Nobody was available.   I was a little upset.   I thought I should vent now or it'll get worse so I was talking to a couple coworkers about it.   My pharmacist heard it and ran to the supervisor.   I didn't ask him to do anything and she started freaking out about it which irritated me to the point where I came off real strong to the pharmacist.   It was messed up.   I didn't listen to him when I tried to speak and waved my hand.   I know there's no fixing it.   I'll probably get fired, but whatever.   I give up.   I can't stay calm if I put my life into it.   I will ask for my doctor to put me on meds.  Maybe I just need to be alone forever.
My grandpa died this morning. My potential job has conflicting schedules with my sister's graduation. I have three bigass projects that are due this week. I may lose the lease on a house I'm looking at due to lazy roommates. All I have is anger. I'm having a hard time not lashing out at people
So, for example my friend and I were just talking over text and she said something kind of bluntly which, I was like okay no biggie, and I replied saying, I wouldnt phrase it that way, but I get what you're saying. And she replied saying I never asked you to phrase it your way.Now I'm really pissed off, and I get that its rude and she's like that a lot and she knows it cause I get angry quite often when she is and I really try to cut her slack a lot but right now I'm ignoring her and I just want to know how I can calm myself down from anger, because I can hold on to anger for hours and I know how unhealthy it is and I just really need help getting rid of it.I meditate sometimes and I've tried mindfulness and just letting thoughts pass and it doesnt help I still dwell on thoughts and get really upset I dont know what to do its never something I've looked into help with
Ok here goes. I've been very competitive all my life, and I can recall myself getting really mad playing ms pac man at age 5. I have been in therapy since September, and sometime in February I felt like I'd finally turned the corner. It seemed like all of the things that used to trigger me (losing at poker, video games, things I can't control etc.) were just events. However, the last month has been really bad again. It feels like everything I built up has collapsed again. I won't go into the details of that, but basically, it feels like I'm fighting an uphill battle against the universe. The last week my sleep patterns have been poor, I don't know what steps I should take to get back on track, so I just do nothing. Anyone ever feel like this? And if so, how did you get it all back on track?
[Here's my post from two days ago.](https://www.reddit.com/r/Anger/comments/33vvru/i_just_destroyed_one_of_my_stepbrothers_belongings/)About 45 minutes ago, my step-brother came into my room and asked if he could use my phone to call my mother, so I walked out to give him some privacy. When he was done, I walked back in - and it fucking stank like hell! I realized the little fucker actually decided to fart and stink up the whole room to piss me off, so I text my mother about it. As I opened the windows, he walked by and said, "Get rekt. :3"I then go in the kitchen, catch him giving me that look I mentioned in my other post, and told him to cut it the fuck out or something like that, and just as my mother and two of my sisters (15 and 17) walk in the house, he just goes like, "I'm not even looking at you, dang!", and my mother just gets mad at ME, despite me having complained to her numerous times about him getting on my nerves.I am literally sick of this little shit living with us, and there's absolutely no way to get him to stop being such an asshole to me. Please help me, guys.
Delete
First time posting on this sub. I've been having a hard life due to kids picking on me throughout my school years, and crappy relationships with a few of my siblings, which led to my anger issues.A little backstory about my 12-year-old step-brother (he turns 13 next month): His mother died a few months ago, so he's currently living with us (my mom, stepfather (his dad, of course), my brother who is also 12, and two of my sisters (10 and 15)). He also loves to play basketball, and he got a basketball hoop (as an Easter gift) that he could tape to the wall in the kitchen. When he plays using a toy basketball, he would make all that noise against the wall, and I would repeatedly ask him to tone it down a bit, since I could hear it from the other side (I even took his basketball hoop off the wall and locked myself in with it, but eventually threw it back out in the hallway). He also is REALLY annoying. He would laugh at every-fucking-thing I say, even when I'm trying to be DEAD serious about something. He would also stare at me while smirking, [making his face look like Peter Parker from Spider-Man 3](http://i3.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/list/000/731/717/1c1.jpg).Today, I was pretty upset that my mother changed her mind about taking us to the store to get food for the house. She's been doing this too often, one of the reasons being that she is "tired". While she went to drop someone off at their house, my step-brother was having an attitude about something, and, as he walked by, he actually kicked something (a glove) into the room I sleep in. So I picked it up, walked to the living room where he was watching TV, threw it at him, then walked back, shut the door and locked it, as he continuously banged on the door trying to get me back.But here's what set me off, though. I went into my mother's room (where my brother plays his PlayStation 4) to look out the window to see if she was back yet, and as I was walking out, I caught my step-brother, who was also there watching my brother play his game, giving me that fucking stare I mentioned, and I said, "Why the fuck do you keep looking at me like that??!!", to which he replied with something like, "Because I want to. Stop getting mad. :)" Even my brother said I should stop talking to him like that.I wasn't having any of it. I went straight to the kitchen, [tore of his hoop, slammed it onto the floor](http://imgur.com/a/hMnnj) loud enough for both to hear, and locked myself in my room again. What followed was his angry screaming and again banging on the door, swearing he would kill me. Now both him and my mother are saying have to get him a new one.I'm just sick and tired of him pissing me off, and not even my stepfather would do anything about it when I tell him. :(

One of my best friends has anger issues pretty severely. It seems the smallest things will set him off, he often misinterprets certain things as people trying to be disrespectful to him and just gets worked up and ends up going off on them. As an example: we were in 711 getting cigs, the lady behind the counter said that they normally dont sell that brand of cigarettes at the 711 , my friend who has bought that brand before at several different 711's just snapped on her and started saying "What are you calling me a liar? I have no reason to fucking lie to you, you know what just forget it I'll go somehwere else".I've tried to talk to him about it before but he just kind of brushes it off.. its getting pretty upsetting\annoying because hes done this at a lot of places around town, and I feel like a jerk whenever I have to go back into these places. anyone know how I can get through to him? 
So a 'friend' of mine likes to call me a name like 'b**ch' or 'd**khead' when he calls and it makes me red[dit] with anger.  We've got a past too; he's done other stuff to slight me like talking trash about me behind my back etc.  It all bubbles up whenever he calls me names or anything.  Anyhow, he calls the other day and starts with ' hey d**khead.' I'm still raging about it in my mind two days later, and today I'm at Jack in the Box drive through, I'm so preoccupied with this guy that I totally forget to order at the order thing and don't realize it till its my turn at the window...  hilarious.  Anyway, I ordered from the lady at the window, so I still got my Jack in the Box.  Trying to keep light hearted in all this trash.
Here we bloody well go...So, in primary school I used to get incredibly angry, and I was really happy that I eventually managed to get past it. However, there is now a person at my secondary school (I'm 15) who has brought it all back to the surface. He's homophobic, racist, stupid, speaks with bad grammar, noisy, immature (yes ik at my age I probably can't talk, but laughing at the number 69 and anything remotely phallic...)but there are two or three other cuntbaskets who encourage him, shouts out in class constantly, religious fundamentalist, and ugly as fuck to boot. Pretty much everything I hate incarnate. Now I have disliked him but not really had any problems for two years, but about a week ago something just snapped, I got tired of his shit, and now I completely lose it almost every time I have to talk to him. It really bothers me that I let stuff like this control me so much, that I react, and that the anger that I thought I had beaten is back in full force. I know I have to stop, but I don't know how.Apologies if that made no sense I just typed it all in one go
Here's the current situation, ever since the start of this year I've been getting less and less social. Started to block my self out from people and stopped talking to people. But after a while, my mate saw this and said I should talk to the Uni's counselling services. Which I did, had 3 session with them and then they told I should put my self forward to anger management help. I didn't really do so because well i started to open up to people again and started to trust them so I thought I could go on without it. Fast forward 3 months to April, I've been talking to people and trying to maintain a relationship/connection with friends more. But its the anger I can't control. I live at home for Uni and my family is small with only my parents and my younger sis, its a family on the more broken side, we fight and argue all the time and its the norm. But there time when I just can't control the anger and its happening more & more. Last week I punched a hole in the door because of my younger sister saying shit to me. Today was where I crossed the line. She was having a go at me for the internet not working. I was having lunch and she turns off the router. I get pissed and go to turn it back on. On the way I shout at her telling its the fucking tablet broken, she answers back, I get more pissed and start shouting at her, she gets pissed and starts shouting too, I get so fucking angry in the moment I get the tablet threw on the floor then picking it back up I smash it against the wall. Causing a massive dent in the wall and the tablet cracked on the floor. It takes me two mins to realized wtf just happened. Now my parents tarting shouting at me. Parents aren't the most understanding and dad start pushing me around and shit. I then go upstairs and realized that I just ruined what was going to be a great day to a shit one. Start crying my eyes out because at the end of the day, I fucked up. I start to get angry at tv shows when you the bad guy is an asshole, small things when the coffee is too milky or I when I start to get anxious when I need to say excuse me to the person next to me. Its never been more than a air punch or a fist but today I fucked up.I always thought that even though I get angry, I could control it. But today, I felt like I needed to tell someone, maybe even get some help, but without be able to or not wanting to tell my "friends" I'm here. I guess the only bright thing I'm looking forward to is moving my ass out of the house in July for a year because of a job I've gotten. Its the only thing I sometimes see before I snap. It's the thing that's kept me going from the start of this shit fucking year.But I don't really know what to do./rant 
While it's not frequent, I'd blow up every 2/3 weeks or so over something mundane and stupid. I had a recent fight with my parents over my feelings about a teacher at school (I'd sometimes take out my anger on my family over issues about her), and it soon escalated to how I'll handle college if I couldn't even handle my regular teachers.I'm a senior, so I'm going to be going to be in university pretty darn quick. The stresses of AP are one thing, but dealing w/ that particular teacher's attitude sometimes brings it over the top.Anyhow, if it's not this, it's either stressing over my grades, or being thinking I'm not smart enough to do well in school, etc, even when I'm in the top decile of my class.It's gotten to the point where this week I've blown up two days in a row, breaking things in the process.What advice do you have for handing difficult figures of authority? And how do I channel this stress and anger into less destructive things?
I've been in fights all through out my teenage life.And even now, no one messes with me but I'm afraid of what I will do if it happens.The problem is the more aggressive someone is the worse it is for me, because I have a mental block from backing down and I almost always escalate the situation because my anger is so severe.There were times where I considered throwing someone off the school balcony during High School because they threw a balled up paper at my face.I am not sorry for beating that kid with the desk chair, he was a punk that messed with me because he was jealous that the girl he liked was going to prom with me.I wouldn't murder someone, but I get so angry that I can't de-escalate the situation no matter what. I don't know how to explain it, I get hot, I start trembling, I get full of energy and aggressive feelings and it won't go away unless someone I care about tries to stop me (Girlfriend) I don't know what the point of this is. I'm just writing to write I guess.Small things get to me so bad that I simply get overwhelmed by hostility and sometimes things will turn a different color (red) if I get mad enough.
A little backstory: I live at home with my parents and everyone in my family has employment (my brother and I are students but we have part time jobs while in school). Ever since I was young, my father was the sole income earner in our house and he was the one that we looked to for insurance coverage, paying bills and providing necessities in the house. Today I found out that my 63 year old father was laid off from his job that he had for years now. He worked for a food distribution company as a supervisor. They didn't get rid of him because of his age or his performance. He told me that there were older employees that worked with him so it wasn't an age related dismissal. He was angry about how they treated him when they told him, acting casual about it as if it didn't affect my dad in any way. All of our benefits are gone-including the insurance coverage. My dad had a range of emotions- anger, sadness, denial. He was worried about finding a new job, considering that his age plays a factor and he has no post-secondary educational background to fall on. I feel useless- there is no way for me to help him and he refuses to tell me whats bothering him. I also feel angry that they would do this to my dad, who has always been a workaholic and worked for that company for years. The entire situation makes me want to strive to be my own boss, to run my own business and prevent some tool from firing me for no reason. For someone to abuse that power to dismiss hardworking people makes my blood boil. 
cool down after something really fucking sets you off, and you aren't really in a place to deal with it nicely. I don't lash out but I internalize it and I feel like I've become so fragile from ME taking the hits all this time that I might break sometimes and that's scary. I don't know what to do to take control of myself in situations enough to take a step back and just let the feelings dissipate. Any advice or stories would be greatly, greatly appreciated.
I'm angry so often. I have depression and I learned early on that I can make myself angry instead of sad, and that feels less crappy than being sad, but as a result I'm angry a LOT. Most of the time it's little shit I can get over, shit head customers at my retail job, struggling with the frustration that comes with not having enough money for bills, stuff like that. It's up setting but I'll live.Weirdly enough, it's the little things on top of all that that send me flying. Finally got health care, finally going to be getting my depression meds again, day started out. I was dressed nice and going to go to a viewing party for a show I like then see a live show in the area. I put on a nice suit, listen to my favorite music to put me in a good mood. I get to the bar where the viewing party is and I discover I don't have my id. An hour and a half drive, and now I have to go home. cue my wall starting to crumble. I'm shaking with anger, going between tears and literally screaming obscenities at myself because I don't want to direct it at anyone else. I get home and can't find my id anywhere, and it's too late to go back for the live show anyway. To top it all off, the show I was going to watch at the bar? Didn't record, can't find it on the internet yet.No amount of screaming helps,  it doesn't make it better. I want to fuck something else, I want to feel something break and know that I'm the one that did it. I didn't say a word when I came in the house, I just grabbed a metal bat, a pair of headphones that only worked on one side and smashed the fuck out of it until my hands felt numb.Screaming used to help. It doesn't anymore. Feeling those headphones break was the closest I came to real relief from my anger in months.
*Disclaimer : I see all those other threads dealing with anger issues/situations that sound so much more serious than mine, yet here I am. I've skimmed this subreddit for a while, but not enough to be familiar with the usual gravity of the situations addressed here. Sorry if this is too trivial for this sub.*I've had trouble dealing with (competitive) losses for a long time, but usually I'm not such big a fan of the game in the first place to want to try and get over it. In those cases (Dota 2, League of Legends for instance), I just stopped playing the game altogether. And frankly, I don't miss them. Sure I'd get a good experience once in a while with friends, but I can play other games with them without problem.But then, Smash Bros for 3DS / Wii U happened (and today, with Bloodborne).I've been a huge fan of both series since they started. I'm mostly going to talk about Smash here, as I feel the same "scenario" plays out in both games. I've only started playing competitively (as in actually trying to get better, against other players. I can barely find any tournament and don't want/expect to play professionally) with the latest game. I did get better, and win many matches (I think my winrate is around 70% online, though that rating has little meaning for reasons I won't go in detail here) while of course losing some other matches. Now, I don't always get *angry* after every single loss, but always at least a little sore, or bitter. Unless I can recognize my loss as 100% my fault, my bad playing, I'm most of the time a sore loser. After maybe 4-5 losses in a session, though? Especially if against the same person or two? Now the anger sets in. And after that last match, the one that gets me going, either one of two things happen: The other player stays, or he leaves. If he stays, then I'll desperately want to rematch him and "show him up", only to of course lose again. Even if I win, I'll get more of a sense of relief (like whew, I didn't just humiliate myself, even though I know that he doesn't know I was angry during the match) than of satisfaction. If he leaves, I'll desperately want to get matched against someone else, hoping I can beat them to feel better. Of course, if I lose against that other player, I'll just get angrier and angrier. If I win, then suddenly everything's good, I can keep playing, which means I unavoidably lose sometime later, and the cycle begins anew.Long story short, I don't know when to stop. I very rarely manage to stop myself from playing when I feel the anger rising. I always think "Come on, I can't be so unlucky to be matched against *another* player that will beat me over and over". "Surely I'll beat this next guy no problem". And like I said before, whatever happens next, I'll find a reason to keep playing. The worst part is that if I somehow find it in me to stop playing early enough, I'll still be pissed because I stopped playing when I "could have continued". I can't even feel pride for having found the willpower to do that. And when I'm pissed/angry, it's like when I'm bored. I don't feel like doing anything else, which means that I keep thinking about what made me mad, which makes it last longer. On the flipside, at worst I'll just pick up a cushion from the couch and throw it across the room or even jump on my bed and punch it a few times while yelling. *I'm twenty-two. That's some shit even some 10-years old are ashamed of doing.*Fortunately (though very strangely), this only seems to occur when I'm playing video games, and to a lesser extent board games. I have 0 issue keeping my calm with real-life issues, big or small.And I have a weird thing with pride, in general. I've found that if something happens to me that is the result of my efforts, of my skill (be it in a video game or in real life.... like beating someone or a hard boss in a Souls game, like Bloodborne), I'll just see it as a chain of actions/events that visibly lead to my success. I'll see it as literally "one thing led to another and another than boom! win. "Simple". On the other hand, if I get lucky to any level, *that's* when I feel pride. It's stupid like that.Get hired as QA at a big video game company (which I consider lucky since the only part I have to play in it is my own interview)? It happened last summer, I still feel the pride of the initial confirmation.Win a musical harmony competition in high school? I remember thinking something like "Well, that's a thing that happened."So here I am, ranting on my own inability to behave better than your average 8-year old when a video game doesn't go his way, with no idea how I could solve this. I love both games... when I'm having fun. I really don't want to stop playing them just because I control my anger so poorly.
Broke up with my gf about 6 mos ago. Since then she has teamed up with another ex of mine and are together destroying what little social life I had. They both know how introverted I am and how hard it is for me to make new friends. I broke up with both of them for the same reason. They took advantage of me at every turn and both physically attacked me twice, which of course prompted the break up. One shattered my car windshield. I keep hearing about how these 2 are STILL going around and spreading rumors, talking shit and generally doing their best to ruin my life in any way they can. I've been stewing on angry thoughts for the past 8 hours and can't stop from thinking about how to get back at them. I know this isn't healthy and first thing I'm calling my therapist but until they open I don't know what to do. I'm just going to try and distract myself with beer a day video games until then I guess. A y advice is welcome.
I hope the asshole who broke my grandmas car window and stole everything I have kills himself. Fuck you. Now I have to pay 300 for a motherfucking window. And that means I can't get my own car. My whole fucking job this month was POINTLESS because of you. I hope you fucking rot you junkie scum.
yeah. As the title said. I went out with my cousin, I'm dealing with depression and I try doing something positive every day. I accidentally decided to go for a walk and saw the beauty. The blood moon almost in it's final phase. We ran up a hill and looked we ran to another high point and looked. We where so excited. We went and found a playground and climbed all the way up and looked. It was beautiful. And so was the clear sky full of stars. When we came home I took of my shoes and in a exited voice said that there is a blood moon. Lets all go out and watch. "don't you have anything better to look at""I'm not going out""Why don't you wake up earlier looking at the sun. I woke up at six today""Stop it"Some of my moms comments....I'm so so mad now sitting in my room.I need to finish homework but don't have the will when I'm so pissed.

I came in and was told to come see my team leader before I began the shift. He had a piece of paper on his desk and I glanced at it, it was an ROD (Record of discussion) for the use of my mobile  phone. I immediately laughed at the top of my voice and shouted "awesome" then I reached for the pen in his hand, signed it and threw the paper at him, at this point my eyes sort of rolled back into my head and everything went a little white, kindof like the static on a TV when it isn't tuned in. I then sort of looked to my left and right holding the pen in my hand with a puzzled look on my face and threw it aside. Then I got up and returned to my desk. I've never done this before and I am a little freaked out, I have not yet fully recovered. I am still having thoughts of anger and harm towards the team leader or even myself, even though I definitely won't act out. I just hope that nothing comes of this when I return to work on Tuesday, and if something does come of it that they will be understanding. My job means so much to me, that is why I reacted the way I did, I just couldn't handle having someone jeopardise my job after everything I have been through in life to get to this point. Edit: I forgot to mention that in the past I have had serious anxiety and depression issues and now take Escitalopram for it. I never had anger issues before.
Bad idea, thought I was doing great, today EVERYTHING is pissing me off.  The thought of sitting in Dr waiting room to get refills is pissing me off.  Drivers are pissing me off.  Work is pissing me off. Fuck.
Okay this happend a few days ago. I was at that Party, where I ran into that dipsh*t of a person, who is the Ex-Boyfriend of my brother. He is like that skinny guy with rich parents who thinks he is the center of the world, while being just a worthless human being.He tried to insult me while I was outside smoking a cigarette with a friend. Standing next to me, telling me how he would fuck me up in an one on one. When I just didnt react to his insults, he backed off to get behind the seven friends he has brought out with them. And then being "safe" behind them he started to hit me in the face 3 times. I just started to laugh because his punches, despite going directly to my face didnt hurt at all and decided not to phisically react to them.I did this because I have extreme Issues when it comes to hitting. I never, ever hurt someone by fighting with them, instead channeld my anger of everything into destroying stuff (doors,walls,etc), without thinking about consequences( New phones that I could bearly afford were destroyed).At the moment, I thought if i would engage in that fight, I would not only hurt that guy, but even break his knee caps, bones , destroy that guy for life without even hesitating.Iam proud that I didnt do it and just laughed him off, which I thought would break his self-esteem even more.So I wonder what u guys think about this story, and might have some Idea how I could let go of that anger in an "human" way.PS: If I loose myself things sure get messy.. up until now it was only my own body,bones since I always channel my emotions into inanimate stuff and Iam afraid what might happen if I go all out on another human.PPS: Iam not some freak, Iam a family man, who does everything to support those around me, but this anger just blanks my thoughts sometimes, so I dont even care what could happen to my own body, especially others. 
Office environment. I was in a room by myself. Working on my computer, suddenly I made a DRASTIC mistake & ruined the functionality of one of my programs. As I start troubleshooting, I start to realize there's no way to recover. I start to yell, scream, "FUCK, NO, DAMNIT!"all this,  sort of stuffI didn't think anyone could hear me. Then my 2nd level boss walked in. It was a really bad moment. I think I may be reprimanded for this...
I cannot stand hypocrites, let's be clear.There are always people in my life who I don't judge for doing something wrong, but whenever I do that same thing wrong, I get looked at funny. Here are some examples:-People tell me I'm weird for listening to alternative rock, I keep my mouth shut and turn up the music. I tell people that someone like Childish Gambino blows, people take their time to trash what I listen to.-I ask an innocent question about something ("Do we have to do this for the assignment?"), get a snarky reply, but keep my mouth shut. They ask an innocent question, I give THEM a snarky reply, but compared to me, they actually take their time to say something like "Chill".-I say something weird, I get looked at really funny for saying that weird thing. Whenever someone else says something weird, they get laughs around them.Does anyone else have this problem with hypocrites?
My boss had put this in my annual review for 2014.  I was completely shocked, because my anger's been 10x's better this past year than it had the year before (2013 -- lost a grandmother to lung cancer and quit smoking...)I know I've got anger issues, but I'd like some examples as to what prompts employers or the law to mandate these classes?[Happy ending: I, calmly, refused to sign, he took it out... and I've got a lead on a job with our most dangerous competitor]So what is the typical Threshold For Anger Management?
Hey all,This may be quite a common post, but recently I've been getting these periods of time were I'm just pissed off. It's been fine up until now, but last night I was having a text convo with someone and got really pissed off and said something that I regretted, and It's completely unlike me to be an angry person, or spiteful in anyway.For the most part my life is fine. Minor stresses here and there from College and other typical things that life throws at you, but nothing that should cause this.Any help or similar experiences?Thanks in advance
Some words or sentences just piss me off horribly and I can't even explain why. It's incredibly stupid, I know it, yet they make me want to slap whoever is using them. They're not even offensive words : they're really common words, the kind of things you'd say in a casual setting. They're usually words that have several different definitions and that can be used in totally different contexts. I can't give a lot of examples because those conversations happen in French 90% of the time, but some English ones include nouns that are also verbs ("show" when taking about a TV series or "dress" when talking about a piece of clothing, for example). Something about those words pisses me off : when people use them, it feels like they're not being used in the right context yet people feel all smart and witty for using them. It's absurd, I know very well people aren't actually thinking like this, but it still triggers something in my head that makes me want to punch them in the face.It's like my brain cannot allow other people to use the words they want to use in some settings and wants to standardize all conversations to its vocabulary settings.
I goddamn hate The Lego Movie.Kim Jong Un isn't awesome.Nazis aren't awesome.Global warming isn't awesome.I'm not going to write a whole list, or this would be considered spam.

Because among other things, starving myself gets rid of my semi-rational anger.  This life is so weird.  
I have so much anger it is debilitating.  A lot of it is warranted some of it is not.  I cant put my finger down on why but I know that I need help.  I am so angry with my life and who I am and also how I am treated.  I am a person and I deserve to be treated with the same respect that I give others; I would say I am highly respectful to most people and I usually get it back so it is infuriating when my family wont treat me with respect, and even more infuriating when they fail to acknowledge that they dont.  I know I lose all credibility because I have a hard time expressing myself and my frustrations turn into anger.  I dislike that this is used to discredit me as a person and I am marked as crazy, unstable, or childish.  I am frustrated when I feel slighted. I know I need help but I have no faith in the healthcare systems knowledge or care for emotional distress as for me in the past has exasperated my issues.   

I am so fucking angry. At my life. My situation. I am still going through a divorce to an abusive twat who fought me over custody for a child that he doesn't even bother to call. I have to dig up police reports from a military base to ensure that the court system ( that apparently insists on joint custody) gives me soul legal responsibility. I'm not even asking for child support. Haven't for 6 years. I'm tired of having a father who threatens my life any chance he gets. Who all the while I was going back to school insisted to everyone that I was taking the scholarship and wasting it on superfluous nonsense. (By the way when I got my bachelor's and passed my certification exams I fucking paraded around in that gown and flashed my certificates everywhere.) A useless coward rapist of a man that destroyed my view of the love, sex, and human interaction, and dared to blame me for his atrocities. Yeah, I totally asked for it. I asked to have my innocence destroyed. I asked to get my hair pulled out. To be punched,  choked out, thrown down, and beaten. He bitches to his sisters (yes I am aware they are my aunts, but you'll forgive me if I don't claim any more association with that cesspool.) that I am waiting for him to die. Honestly I don't care. I don't care if he lives or dies. Nor will I care when he does drop dead. I make more money than he does. Trust me I am not waiting for an inheritance. Anything he leaves me getc sold and profits donated to shelters for all victims of abuse and rape.Most importantly I am angry at myself. I hate that I am a sad pathetic woman. I hate that I went head first from one abusive home to another. I hate that I gave my son a shitty father. I hate that I was never enough for anyone in my home growing up. I won't ever be enough for my son, because, let's face it, he does need a father figure. I hate that I have never been enough for a decent person to even question whether or not they might want to share their life with me. I hate that I feel so angry all the time. Angry and sad. These are not words that should be the only palpable feelings in a person's life. Anger is so much easier to deal with when you have even a sprinkling of its polar opposite. I NEED TO STOP FEELING SO FUCKING ANGRY!  I want to smile again. Even a fake smile will do at this point.
I've just been getting so angry lately. Everything makes me upset, from my girlfriend asking me to get her water/a blanket/whatever, to me mispronouncing a word and not admitting I'm wrong. I just argue with everyone even if I know I'm wrong and I don't stop arguing even if they want to stop, or I start an argument about something else. I don't know what to do about it because it's just making everyone and me extremely angry all the time. What do I have to do to learn to control my anger?
Im a 18 y/o male that lives with a great family (mom/dad wise) but my sister drives me fucking nuts. About an hour ago she asked me 5 times if she could have some food of mine in which I replied "NO" it took her 5 times to stop asking. Then my dad gets home and she tells him she's gonna eat it anyways. So I come downstairs, grab it from her hand and blow up. I push her hard and she nearly falls. She supposedly hit her head on the cabinets but it's all foggy to me. Now this all happened over FOOD. Then when my parents are talking to her about what happened she says I raised a hand at my dad. That's the 2nd storm. I blow up again shouting and crying that I'd never ever raise a hand at my parents (which is true to my death) I love them way too much. At that moment when she said that I couldn't control my anger. I didn't know what to do. I walked around shouting and crying for 5 minutes trying to think of what destruction I could do. But I knew I couldn't do anything. I wanted to hit my sister so hard so much. I wanted her gone. That was my life limit saying id raise a hand to my dad or parents. I've told my parents this girl is not my sister anymore. I'm done with her as a sibling and friend. She never ever respects me. Whenever I even call her name immediately she yells at me to shut up and leave her alone. She always is giving me attitude and I just got tired of it. I'm filled with rage and emotion right now that's anger and sad I'm crying and destructive. I don't know what to do. I want to do anything to make me feel better. I feel I might do something I will regret today. Help me.please someone. 
I have a hard time dealing with anger and I can not get over things. I seem to have a hard time getting over things. I also seem to have a hard time dealing with anger.For example: For 5 years, I helped start a business with this guy.I made sacrifices and I helped him. We were never associate and he was my client. I tought he was more than that, I tought he was a friend and if I helped him, he would help me. After 4 years, he got rich and I really tought he was going to hook me up. He ended up "firing me" like some trash.I got fired 6 months ago and I am still pissed. I feel fucking dumb, I feel retarded to be this guys "bitch" basically, not standing for myself when I needed to. Now he is filty rich and I am struggling to start another business on my own. I feel angry, I feel betrayed and stupid. Well the good side is that I have 1 employee that I am kind to. I acknowledge his work and I always pay him on time. Something that this guy never did. I refuse to be like him. I refuse to do business without ethic and moral. But to be honest, it anger me and enrage me that he did not stick to his words and that he will go through life without feeling the repercussion like I am.Sometimes I can not sleep because of that, I have all this anger in me. I have seriously a hard time controling my rage and my anger specially when I feel that people take advantage of me. In another situation, a year ago I met this girl on Tinder and we went to a bar. Long story short, I saw her again, 3 times until I realized that she was using me for free food and drinks and she had no interest in even friendship. I stopped to see her but I felt like shit afterward. Like a piece of shit.I felt angry at myself for being so stupid and at her for using me, for looking at me like she was disgusted. I should have realized that and not lie to myself.I still feel angry about that and it seems like I have more and more difficulty to deal with it. I am 25 and I feel like this has gotten worse and worse.I am looking for help.
Hey people of reddit. I'm an angry (possibly illiterate) person.. I have always been an angry person even when I was a kid but I'm not the normal type of angry who just instantly reacts to something. It actually takes a lot to throw me over edge, although when I do get to that point I become extremely dangerous and it sucks. How do I get rid of this? I get mad at myself when I flip out on people but at a certain point I can't control myself. I'm terribly bad at self control and it makes me feel like Shit. How do I get rid of anger that is bottled up inside? How do I get people to stop intentionally pushing my buttons? Thanks for reading.I have also seen many counselors/therapists in the past and it seemed to me like all they did was listen and nod there head rather than actually do something to help me so I guess I'll cross that off the list. 
I have recently rebooted a subreddit called /r/BackOnYourFeetThe point of my subreddit is a way to find motivation and get back on your feet from rock bottom, it is a growing subreddit so there is going to be a lot of new content and new ways to get back on your feet.If you would like some ways to get back on your feet, visit /r/backonyourfeet.
I'm almost unable to control it anymore. It's at the point where little things crack the dam and everything completely unrelated starts leaking out. I fume for hours. I pace. I punch walls and pull it at the last second.  I hit myself.  I scream into my pillow. This solid mass of rage just throbs in my stomach. It tells me to sweep the kitchen  counter with my arm. Rip the dishes from the cupboards and smash them.  But I don't. I know it won't be enough. It wouldnt stop if I ripped the cupboards from the walls.  It wouldn't stop if I threw the TV through the window. I've never hit someone besides myself.  I've never touched anyone in any way but kind. I think that I'd kill myself  before I harm someone else. But what if it is in me? What if there is no cap to what I feel? 
And yesterday kind of sucked too...Just little frustrations piling up.  1)  Large packaged ordered, didn't really want in first place, girlfriend persuaded me, but NOW that it's over 2 weeks late it's somehow MY fucking job to track it down...  My name's on the account and the credit card, so I'm fucking stuck with dealing with these assholes.2)  Work...  Fucking salesmen, customers, factory, lawyers, my boss, my nutless coworkers.  Everyone pushing their work off onto us and I'm the only one standing up and say NO.  I can do this because my boss is on vacation -- that fucker would have us changing diapers all over the country if a customer (or salesman, or engineer from the factory, or passing stranger) just asked.  3)  Physical pain.  Torn rotator cuff, lower back trouble, something's up with my stomach and I may even have a cold.I just feel done.  DONE, like I have no more patience for tolerating other people's bullshit.  I can feel it rising up in me.
This is my frist time posting here, and I hope this will help. Just a short little story about why I'm here:My SO recently left me because he said he was no longer attracted to me. When I asked him what he found unattractive, he said he was my anger. I have tried and tried to work on my anger, but it seems that it's not working as well as I thought. So, things that spike my: - Bad drivers- People scaring me- My job (though I just got a new job, so this should help me relax a LOT)- Ignorance- Goofiness I need tips or something... anything to help me with my anger. I can't afford to get therapy or take classes, so, any suggestions? He said that if I work on it and get better, then he would more than likely get back with me. And no, I'm not doing this just for him. I have had anger issues my entire life and it has hindered relationships for years. I am doing this for myself. I can't keep living my life being angry at everything little thing all the time or I'll never be happy. 
I need one to give to my husband. I'm sure you've been asked this before, but I wasn't having much luck searching. 
As a teen, I wasnt too good at controlling my anger. It has always been technology that sets me off, when it doesnt work Id boil over with frustration and it'd become just rage and I'd hit walls or break stuff. I kinda grew out of it but it has suddenly come back strongly.I'm 22 years old and in the last week I have torn apart a book, torn apart my headphones, and destroyed a speaker with a hammer. The first two were because a computer/game wasn't working, and the latter was because the speaker wasn't working.I'm getting worried about it. It just suddenly came back. I learned to control it, or I just chilled out, through my late teens. Ive always been a vocally angry person, which is something that Ive always hated, but when I get those moments of anger, Ive started breaking stuff again. And it isnt always in the moment, like a sudden release of anger, I'll calm down a little and continue to destroy what I started to break.Ive started listening to calming music on my phone and it does calm me down. But Im getting worried that I'll grow older like this.Im starting to consider seeing a doctor/therapist. Wondering if it's just lack of sex since I havent had a girl since I was 17. But looking back, Ive always been angry. Im not particularly highly strung as a person or anything, im really  laid back and dont get worked up about much, its just when i do get worked up, it does so strongly. I scream and shout and stomp around and basically throw tantrums. But its making me break all of my stuff.I never feel aggressive towards people. The worst Ive ever done to a person (apart from bullies at school who I hit) is shout at them. I never feel an urge to hurt people, and Ive never flipped out and laid a hand on anyone. But regardless of that, Im still worried.Just wanted to get this off my chest to people who will be able to relate. I will seek further help is this doesnt go away. Ive been like this again for a good 6 months or so now.
This is a throwaway. I have MAJOR anger issues. I have homicidal thoughts/ideation, used to have suicidal thoughts, was bullied in school (a year or so ago before I dropped out). Have anxiety, clinical depression and i'm bi polar. (And I have sociopathic tendencies.. just slight) and OCDWhen i'm mad. I'm REALLY mad. and it's okay... my lover.. or ex lover now that the bitch cheated on me. My ex lover said (and many other ex's in the past) have told me the similar "I'm afraid of you, when you're mad" they're legitimately afraid of me. Family says the same thing. I don't hit or didn't hit my ex's nor my family.. Got in like 2 or 3 fights against kids at school but that's another story for another time. Due to me being bullied by other kids my whole life and by teachers, staff etc. It has resulted in me having a TON of anger and aggression. I get so mad everything around me (in my vision literally) starts shaking and I get SUPER focused on one thing (particularly the thing that sparked my anger) and I only have one thing racing through my mind "Inflict damage and don't stop" as in punch and don't quit.. I'm afraid it may lead me to being arrested in the future. It's out of control small things throw me into a fit of rage. I'm always angry. I think my depression manifests itself in the form of anger but I dunno.People say workout for the anger.. I do. People tell me sprint and ware myself out.. I do.. people tell me join a boxing gym and spar my heart out.. I do.. and even with ALL of that I STILL have a TON of anger in my heart, my soul, my body and my mind. It's ridiculous I get so mad I can't sleep, or even eat. And when people say "walk away" that's DANGEROUS for me... when I do walk away it just amplifies and amplifies and it just gets worse.. I can't help it. I hate it. and the fact I have all this anger... makes me even more mad.I need help.
I'm genuinely confused about this. So my SO and I would get into arguments and he would apologize  but I would still be upset so I continue to ignore/give him little attention him. Then he goes from saying sorry to full out rage mode. He would then start yelling at me for causing the problem and start throwing insults at me. I'm a chill person so I just dont talk while he goes on rambling shit about me. HOPING it will be over soon, but then it has the reverse effect of making him even madder so he starts punching and breaking things. I see that its escalate to an extreme so then I start talking to him and start reasoning with him to stop raging. He will stop and then blame me for stepping in too late.. and pushing his buttons... He's 24, shouldn't he be able to control himself? He's an easy going guy, he's never raged so hard in a relationship 
I suffer from anxiety and depression (am taking medication-- doesn't seem to be helping much), so it's really a little difficult to do anything that one would consider an enjoyable hobby (since both conditions can cultivate a significantly pessimistic attitude towards everything), but I try to push through it.My favorite game to play online is Madden. When I win, I feel like amazing. I feel like I accomplished something great and that all my time practicing was worth it.When I lose, putting a hole in my television feels imminent. I rarely feel as if I was outplayed (which may sound arrogant, but statistically, at least 90% of my games are played within a 1-2 point range-- I never get blown out), and if I do feel like I got outplayed, I hate myself for making such-and-such mistake that cost me the game.It gets to the point where I have to take days off from playing the game because I know the positivity of winning isn't worth the risk of what losing entails. I don't want it to be that way.Any advice?Thanks.
/r/offmychest seems to have disappeared because I cannot find it even if I search (EDIT: Oh it shows up when I make a fucking post about it.). So I need to get my anger out here.I dont see why I keep some of these friends around. He has his good times. When its on his good time, he can be the most fun person on the face of this planet. But when it is his bad times, it is never 'heres half' or 'seems like its a little bit of a bad time' Its 'full bore mother fucking bad'So, we are playing Halo. Everyone has to back out if they are going away to do something because he will not wait on you, he will put you in a match and you will feed the enemy kills. But you have to wait on him when he goes away or wants to look something up.I was proud of my performance earlier. I mentioned it and just got a sarcastic remark. Which apparently in his defense was a quote from a fucking video that I have never even seen before. How was I supposed to know?You can't tell him anything about his problems. If he has hurt you and you bring it up to him, he takes it as an attack and comes back at you grabbing at all your fucking flaws and making you feel even fucking worse. One flaw of mine he pointed out is something that I cannot help at all. When I have to raise my voice, it sounds like I am angry. I have to repeat myself alot in life because I am naturally very quiet. When I have to raise my voice so people can hear me, my voice strains. People tend to take that as me being angry when in turn, I'm just trying to let someone hear me. Some TMI stuff, In sexual situations. He is all about dominance and aggression. Yes. That stuff is amazing in those situations. But his is obsessed with dominance and aggression so much that it clearly bleeds like a point blank shotgun wound into his every day fucking life and it can really ruin being around him because it is always what he wants. His "I dont give a fuck" attitude can ruin your mood so fucking quick.To night was the worst that I have ever gotten mad at him over this. I flat out had an anxiety attack because of him. It is fucking ridiculous.
I got a text message last night saying that a colleague will be visiting a place I volunteer at. I got angry. When working with this person previously, I felt manipulated and disrespected. Whenever I have to interact with this person I feel this anger come back up.I think part of it has to do with my own insecurities. I felt overshadowed by this person when we worked together, and when they come up in convo I feel these feelings of helplessness. Of ineptness and being unable to assert myself. Worse, there is a fear  that it will happen again and again.I really don't want to be around this person and when I am, I don't feel very good.I've been nursing this anger for awhile and I'm tired of it, I know I am just as good as they are, but when these feelings come up they become hard to control.
Don't know if this is the right place to post it, but here goes. I guess it's just a part of who I am, I've always been an angry person growing up, for one reason or another. I also grew up in a broken home, my parents fought with each other every single day for as long as I can remember until they divorced. This made me realize how terrifying anger can be for someone else, and it made me never want to do that to another person. When something annoyed me, which was often, I hold it in. I try not to feel that negative emotion. Of course, if the source persists, this eventually results in mindless, explosive out lashing, followed by immense guilt - which meant whenever anything annoyed me, it always ended either with an outburst, or pent up resentment. Today, my best friend since childhood and I had a disagreement, over something so stupidly minuscule, but I could feel the anger rising. (I never had an outburst at him before, I'm very cautious about loosing my shit around my friends.)*He's being so stupid, can't he see I'm right? The truth is so basic he's obviously just doing this to piss me off why am I always surrounded by such retarded, immature assholes* I was becoming increasingly angry, yes, but I was also scared out of my mind. I didn't want to lose this friendship, I didn't want him to see this ugly side of me.  We were in a restaurant together so I made a lame excuse (through clenched jaw and clipped voice) and retreated to the bathroom. I took the opportunity to really think about *why* I was so angry with him, which took the better part of 30 minutes. I rehearsed the explanation over and over again, in what I was sure was a neutral, understanding tone before finally confronting my friend again. He listened and he actually understood me. He apologized saying he didn't realize the issue was so important for me and thought we were just joking around. He didn't brush it off like it was nothing and I felt he was truly apologetic. It feels amazing to be understood. For the first time, I told someone to just "forget about it" and I meant it. For the first time, I overcame this stupid part of me that won't stop hurting the people I love or myself.  It feels so good to resolve something, to be in control. It feels so good that I was able to step away from my rage. I'm endlessly thankful for whatever deity that intervened today that prevented this friendship from ending. Have a good day bros and never stop trying, for I found out today, it **can** be done. :) 
I've never been the one to care too much about the bad things people say about me because I know I'm a good person, people just take advantage of my kindness and generosity.  I'm absolutely disgusted how some people want to bring me down after I've overcome all my struggles and they want to make up lies about how they think I "act," skew my real personality, and act like I'm public enemy #1 when they're the ones who are the bad guys, ironically.I don't really care that people gossip about me because people are always going to talk about you no matter what.  I'm not bothered by what they say, it's just that I'm bothered that they have anything rude to say about me at all when I've always been a polite person to whoever is polite to me.  If someone wants to start beef with me, depending on my mood, I might react back or ignore it.tl;dr Does anyone else get this?  You're as nice as you can be, all your friends and people you work with have good things to say about you, it's strangers you meet, who don't talk with you daily, who don't actually know you think they "know" you more than people who actually take the time to know you?I'm tired of people badmouthing me when I've been through hell and back supporting people who took advantage of what I would do for them and it angers me that people think they can say bad things about me when they act far worse than me, especially the ones talking crap!  Does it bother anyone else the shit you hear about yourself?  It's like who the hell made that up?
I'm a 30-year old female, professional, college educated, married with children. I feel burdened by my rage. It rises up out of me unexpectedly and I can't control it. I feel like it doesn't fit "me," my image, my job. I am angered and frightened by my inability to control my temper. I am unsure if it's connected to anxiety- I usually experience it in times of high stress and frustration, almost like a panic attack but I see red and scream and lash out instead. How do I control myself so I don't do something I will regret? I always feel embarrassed and regretful once I calm down, but in the moment I can't think straight for long enough to remind myself to breathe, or count to ten, or any of that. What have you all tried that works? That helps? What does not help? Thank you for listening.
Seriously, I don't even know how I didn't punch my keyboard until my hands bleed.Nothing seems to go right in my life and I can never let my anger out.I've isolated myself from my friends so I didn't harm any of them, hardly talk with family members, the only thing keeping me "sane" is playing videogames, but even that, recently seem to enrage even more because I play team-based games and I rage pretty hard at everybody.I start shaking uncontrably and my head starts to ache. I want to destroy everything around me and the fact that I can't do it, enrages me even more.I don't know what to do with this.
I used to use a punching bag growing up to get rid of my anger but had to get rid of it when we moved. I still get very angry easily and always seem to punch walls now to get rid of it. Would getting a punching bag again encourage me to punch things when I get angry or be a good way to release my anger?
So, I'm part of the Redditgifts-Exchanges for ove a year now and had a lot of amazing exchanges.But this Secret Santa-Exchange made me a bit sad. I signed up with 7 Points. SEVEN! That's one of the reasons why I'm a bit angry about the following story.I got a really nice message from my SS, asking me some things and telling me how exited she/he is about having me as a giftee because it seemed like I was his/her *missing sister because we had so much in common*. I was really surprised about that much positive energy and very happy about this Santa that seemed so passionated about the exchange. My SS shipped very late and on jan. 08 I got a message telling me the gift was returned to her/him and that it would be shipped again. From this date on my messages haven't been answered anymore and I never recieved a gift.I wasn't rematched, so I guess she/he somehow proved shipping.**now the rage part: I really understand if you can't send a gift for personal reasons or what ever but please don't prove shipping if you didn't ship anything! At least give me the possibility to get a rematch! I know redditgifts is about the gift you send, but this isn't the first time this happened, so I'm a bit pissed about those people who claim to send something but never did. If you don't plan to send me a gift you don't have to send me nice messages just to feel better! _**Anyone else with those feelings?

i used to post a lot in r/depression, among others. when i started crawling my way out of that mess, i made the mistake of not erasing my historymy earlier posts, my questions, the discussions. so when i started talking to folk about sex, dating, and moving on with my life, i was not expecting to have that history rise up and slap me in the face.i know this is a stupid thing to get mad about, but i am mad. up until now i had pretty good experiences with reddit-folk. i never expected one of you guys to go digging through my history and use all that shit against me. so i guess what i learned from this whole thing is to keep two reddit identitiesone to deal with anger and pain and loss, and another that deals with my hobbies, my fandoms, and everything positive. TL:DR, some asshat used my earlier posts about mental illness to say that i couldn't have nice things because i was mentally ill. 
This is the story of an incident that happened today. I really just want to write this out pretending that people give a shit and will actually read this.Some Background:  I am a porter at a car dealership. I already was in a shit mood to begin with. Also, I never let my emotions out, never.So I had a new car that needed detailed for a customer. I was already under a lot of stress and the car needed to be done asap. I get into the car to take it to the gas station about 1/2 mile down the road.I'm standing there at the pump when this guy in a small tow truck pulls up. After a minutes passes, he comes up to me.Now, I'm a bit of a paranoid person and I have stranger trust issues. I'm getting kinda nervous, I'm a small guy. I get the worst case scenario in my head that this dude is about to jack this new car.He then says to me that I need to have a dealer plate on the car.I explain that I simply forgot it as I was in a hurry. He goes on this big rant  about having a plate, and apparently he knows my manager (he identified him by name). I say to him "Thanks Officer" in the most sarcastic tone I could, get in the car and leave. Here's my rant, excuse my language: Why the hotdog fuck does this motherfucker care whether I have a plate on my car. He's a tow truck driver, it literally doesn't affect him at all.How DARE he try to intimidate me like that. He approached me in a way that made me feel quite threatened. And the tone he used with me was as if he was talking down to me. I'm tired of being treated like shit by people. I need to stand up for myself.Right now, I'm not exactly in the best mental state. I have some issues. When i got back to the dealership, I was so filled with anger, I literally had a breakdown. I was in tears.Yes, I should have had a plate on the car, but I'm only human, I make mistakes. I tried to explain this to him.
##**WEEK 5 - WORKBOOK 5: CHALLENGING ANGRY THOUGHTS AND BELIEFS**##During this week, read and complete the exercises in this week's workbook [[download](http://www.newcastlehealthyminds.nhs.uk/wp-content/uploads/workbook-4-relationships2.pdf)]. During or after completing the workbook, come back to this thread and share whatever you'd like to share (things you learned, new insights, setbacks, etc). It is recommended that you follow the schedule but if you missed the previous week you can still catch up or jump right in to this week.  ##**Schedule:**##* [Sunday 2/1 - Introductions and Workbook 1: About Anger](http://www.reddit.com/r/Anger/comments/2ueley/anger_management_class_week_1_introductions_and/) [[pdf](http://www.newcastlehealthyminds.nhs.uk/wp-content/uploads/workbook-1-about-anger2.pdf)]* [Sunday 2/8 - Workbook 2: Quick Control] (http://www.reddit.com/r/Anger/comments/2v6xh1/anger_management_class_week_2_workbook_2_quick/) [[pdf](http://www.newcastlehealthyminds.nhs.uk/wp-content/uploads/workbook-2-quick-control1.pdf)]* [Sunday 2/15 - Workbook 3: Strategies to Manage Your Anger](http://www.reddit.com/r/Anger/comments/2vyw22/anger_management_class_week_3_workbook_3/) [[pdf](http://www.newcastlehealthyminds.nhs.uk/wp-content/uploads/workbook-3.-strategies-to-manage-your-anger1.pdf)]* [Sunday 2/22 - Workbook 4: Relationships](http://www.reddit.com/r/Anger/comments/2wvehc/anger_management_class_week_4_workbook_4/) [[pdf](http://www.newcastlehealthyminds.nhs.uk/wp-content/uploads/workbook-4-relationships2.pdf)]* **Sunday 3/1 - Workbook 5: Challenging Angry Thoughts and Beliefs [[pdf](http://www.newcastlehealthyminds.nhs.uk/wp-content/uploads/workbook-5-challenging-angry-thoughts-and-beliefs.pdf)]*** Sunday 3/8 - Workbook 6: Challenges to Managing Anger [[pdf](http://www.newcastlehealthyminds.nhs.uk/wp-content/uploads/workbook-6-challenges-to-managing-anger.pdf)]* Sunday 3/15 - Reflections
After unsuccessfully trying to come to terms with a bad and confusing breakup, I e-mailed my ex and her mother, and let fly what was on my mind.  It's not the first time I had done this, and I don't know what kind of response I was looking for, but now I'm in trouble.  I don't know how to get over it, move on, and stop thinking/obsessing...  help?
 I want to start off by saying that my whole life my confidence has been very low, and quite honestly in front of people I am usually never angry, in fact people sometimes make fun of me and I sit there stupidly, taking it.  But today was different. Ehh so, need some advice. I always feel guilty when I do shit, but anyway I was at the deli and theres a homeless woman that hangs out there, mid 50's drunk, schizophrenic and everytime I go there the deli guy goes "hey its your girlfriend" and I just got so fucking sick of hearing it this time I turned to him and went, "You think im that fucking low? Fuck off" and stormed out.To me it was just purely disrespectful, basically saying you are low enough to be with this woman and that's all you can get. The problem is whenever I do something like this, I feel like I am justified but I still feel guilty. The guy has done this a few times, and I think this time I was just sick of it. Did I do the right or the wrong thing? How can I learn not to feel guilty for standing up for myself? I don't feel my problem is anger, I feel my problem is a lack of confidence. I feel guilty now because I got angry, but should I really? 
An anonymous stranger from the Internet has been harassing me for over a year!  It's saved all my public pictures and defiled the ones of my dead dog and wrote disgusting and untrue memes about me and my dog calling me a "bad" dog owner when I wasn't.I'm angry because pictures of my dog are the only thing we have of her now that she passed and this dumb stalker doesn't have any morals or respect for anyone.  These are very precious and beautiful pictures of my dog and some moron thinks it's cool to write nasty memes all over our pictures.  Not only does the stalker make up lies about me, it thinks it's "justified" in doing what it does to my pictures. It used to be fun posting public photo albums, but who knows what kind of nut cases are out there saving people's pictures and doing lord knows what with them!Why do idiot people like that exist?  And the sad fact is, this is a grown person doing this who should know better how to act and they don't care because they're anonymous doing this to me.I'm going to ignore them because like my family and everyone tells me about this dumb stalker: undeserving people don't deserve any attention from me.  Still, it angers me how not only did the tragedy happen with my dog, but someone thinks it's funny disrespecting my dog and me just because they get their kicks off of cyber bullying people.
Recently my uncle brought back memories in a time in my life where I was contemplating suicide and had anxiety problems. He yelled in my face and I held myself to a higher standard and walked away. I wanted to hit him so bad, bringing up memories of my dead father. Instead I walked to my room and sat there eating my food.. shaking violently I feel that my anger is coming back.Now he's making it worse. He's going around to all of my family telling them I was going to hit him, telling him how disrespectful I am, making me seem like a degenerate. I just want to punch him, yell at him, but I know that's now what my father would have wanted. I just want him to leave my house and all he is doing is prolonging his stay and trying to make matters worse by suing my mom for an apartment to live in (my basement) when he has no lease.What are your steps to control your anger... Everyday when I come home I just want to make as much noise as possible to provoke a fight and for him to hit me so it gives me an excuse to hurt him back. I try so hard to hold my anger in but last time that happened it came out all at once. I don't want to stoop to his level and spread gossip to family, what do i do? =T
TL;DR -- Reddit is a prescription for anger.I'm almost certainly viewing this through Rage Goggles, but:This site is pretty much an anger factory, isn't it?I think I come here for entertainment, for a distraction during the work day while my pokey software runs its searches through giant databases or whatever.  BUT pretty much every sub is going to have *some* assholes who live to antagonize other people.AND people on the internet do not talk the way people do IRL.  People say shit on here that *if* they said it to me in real life, I'd not even hesitate to punch them in the goddamn skull.But aside from that, there's the anonymous downvoting.  You can say what you think is a fairly innocuous thing at like 9 AM, and then not notice until 3 that it's being downvoted to hell with zero explanation as to why.  Can the entertainment value I get from reading articles and discussing things with civil people really be worth the trade-off for the seemingly endless army of trolls?  Or do I just come here to get some kind of twisted anger-fix?And:  Am I the only one? 
I've been much better at saving money than I used to be, but still every time I get even a little bit of money, something always happens.Last year, I got $1,000 in tax refund, guess where it went because the job I had then was part-time and was having problems with the production so we were off work for a month!Three weeks ago on my first car, I got an oil change and then did some fixings up...then I get into an accident.Luck was with me for a little bit when I only went a few days without a car and found a good new used car right away.I hadn't even gotten to drive my new used car yet, and the guy that was prepping it for me, a lady slid into my car and broke my bumper.  She barely tapped it but it still shattered.  And this was when I haven't driven it yet on the first day we got my new used car!Okay so everything's all fixed for me now at this point, a week later, I get into another weather related accident with my new used car and the bumper is completely off, cracked damaged.  Tow truck guy said it was okay to drive, I Just needed a jump.   Turns out I needed to replace two tires.So, a week later, we discover that same accident where my car ran onto a median, it put a leak somewhere causing my Antifreeze to leak and my car overheats just as i'm about to pull into work causing me to be 15 minutes late.  Luckily, my work was very understanding about my car troubles, and usually they count people late no matter what happens.Thank goodness for that, but it seems like every time I get a little bit of extra money I can never save it because something ALWAYS happens!  It's pissing me off, especially now that I'm actually trying to save money and not spend it on dumb crap.I guess the blessing is since I don't spend my money stupidly now, I have enough expenses to fix all my car issues over the weekend.Still, I'm tired of dealing with crappy old cars because I can't afford a decent new one right now. Ugh.It's one thing right after another.  I can never rest.
I'm a 24 year old man. I served in the military for 4 years and now that I am out I have people tell me that they can't stand to be around me because I blow up constantly. I have a lot of things that make me angry and I don't know what to do about it. I just want people to like me and it always seems like they don't. I'm so lost and don't know what to do.....
I am worthy of better than this.That is all I had to say.
##**WEEK 4 - WORKBOOK 4: RELATIONSHIPS**##(Sorry about the late post)During this week, read and complete the exercises in this week's workbook [[download](http://www.newcastlehealthyminds.nhs.uk/wp-content/uploads/workbook-4-relationships2.pdf)]. During or after completing the workbook, come back to this thread and share whatever you'd like to share (things you learned, new insights, setbacks, etc). It is recommended that you follow the schedule but if you missed the previous week you can still catch up or jump right in to this week.  ##**Schedule:**##* [Sunday 2/1 - Introductions and Workbook 1: About Anger](http://www.reddit.com/r/Anger/comments/2ueley/anger_management_class_week_1_introductions_and/) [[pdf](http://www.newcastlehealthyminds.nhs.uk/wp-content/uploads/workbook-1-about-anger2.pdf)]* [Sunday 2/8 - Workbook 2: Quick Control] (http://www.reddit.com/r/Anger/comments/2v6xh1/anger_management_class_week_2_workbook_2_quick/) [[pdf](http://www.newcastlehealthyminds.nhs.uk/wp-content/uploads/workbook-2-quick-control1.pdf)]* [Sunday 2/15 - Workbook 3: Strategies to Manage Your Anger](http://www.reddit.com/r/Anger/comments/2vyw22/anger_management_class_week_3_workbook_3/) [[pdf](http://www.newcastlehealthyminds.nhs.uk/wp-content/uploads/workbook-3.-strategies-to-manage-your-anger1.pdf)]* **Sunday 2/22 - Workbook 4: Relationships [[pdf](http://www.newcastlehealthyminds.nhs.uk/wp-content/uploads/workbook-4-relationships2.pdf)]*** Sunday 3/1 - Workbook 5: Challenging Angry Thoughts and Beliefs [[pdf](http://www.newcastlehealthyminds.nhs.uk/wp-content/uploads/workbook-5-challenging-angry-thoughts-and-beliefs.pdf)]* Sunday 3/8 - Workbook 6: Challenges to Managing Anger [[pdf](http://www.newcastlehealthyminds.nhs.uk/wp-content/uploads/workbook-6-challenges-to-managing-anger.pdf)]* Sunday 3/15 - Reflections
I'm sick of working for money that I don't enjoy aside from the "benefits" of "safe" living. I live a very simple life, barely able to make ends meet, working towards a career I am not passionate about all because my dreams of finding success through artistic media is considerably unrealistic. I have no support from anyone other than myself, yet I live a life I do not want. I despise the idea of living in this town because I can't afford to leave. I waste my life away for no satisfaction. Being at risk for Huntington's makes this reality harsher, knowing that my life could be cut considerably short before I have the opportunity to accomplish my goals. Having friends and acquaintances offer false support only discourages me from trying any harder. I recently set up a gofundme account in hopes of having the opportunity to create an informative and inspiring documentary, I have shared it, branched out of my regular comfort zone in hopes of getting the word out there, only to have it deemed unrealistic and naive. How do people succeed with fundraising? What qualifies as important or plausible? Why are my goals and accomplishments unnecessary as long as they stray from societal norms? When did childhood dreams suddenly become impossible and invaluable?
I'm 22 female and my sister is 17. We used to get along and she was my favorite out of the other 4 siblings I have. We've been sharing a room for years, but recently I can't stand her. I don't know if it is the age difference or her level of maturity, but she drives me crazy. I didn't even know I was capable for getting so angry. She's stubborn, selfish, and self centered and I knew arguing with her will get me no where, so I think I've been keeping the anger in and then it just all comes out over the smallest things and my family members think I'm crazy for reacting to certain things, but they don't understand that I keep everything in. I don't even know if there is an answer to my problem, but typing it on here is kind of therapeutic. 
This is going to be a rant, so brace yourselves. I'll try to sum it up quickly.2 years ago, my grandmother had open heart surgery, I forgot the specifics. She pulled through great and instead of doing the rehabilitation so she could walk, she just made my grandfather (mind you they were both 81) take care of her. She laid on the couch all day/slept, making my grandfather do all the laundry, cooking, cleaning, and other household things. His health rapidly deteriorated due to stress/overwork, and he ended up collapsing at a grocery store, hitting his head, bleeding in his brain and dying. My grandmother moved in with us, making us do all of the things she made my grandfather do. Mind you, I understand in her advanced age rehab for walking might have been difficult, but she never even tried. Just gave up. Now she's just grouchy, makes my mother lose her mind, and in turn become grouchy.I'm in a house full of angry women and a disappointed father (he helps as much as he can, but hates to see how my mother is becoming). Meanwhile, I'm driven upstairs to avoid the situation. When I want to go out with friends, like today, I just get yelled at due to the inconvenience it causes. I'm just pissed off at this entire situation, I miss my grandfather, and I needed to type this out.
Hi, my name is Jack (it's a nickname, but not my real name).I'm 30 something years old and I'm here to openly admit that I am an abuser. I never saw myself as that, but I am. I have to admit it. I have been abusing my wife emotional, verbally and on occasions physically. I hate it and I hate myself. I'm here now writing because two days ago I physcially abused my pregnant wife. I hate myself more than life right now. I don't want her to forgive me or to "take me back" or to love my anymore but she has and she did and she does. She did these things because she is pregnant and we're in a tough situation financially. So neither of us knows what to do. I'm still scared and hate myself inside. I don't what to do. I keep saying that a lot, because it's true.We had to slip back into our old routine before the incident because we're both scared and miss it. The lash out that I did, literally came out of no where. I don't even know how to describe it. I just blacked out and saw red completely.  After it happened I kept yelling and she broke down and I left. I've never left the house after an arguement before, so this was something new. New and scary. I left my pregnant wife byherself after I just abused her. I can't believe it. I can't believe that I've fallen this low. I've truly hit rock bottom. Since we don't have money, I'm having to turn to the internet for help, for now I guess. I know that I need to see a counselor or therapist, but right now I have no money for that.But above all, I feel horrible inside. In the past all I wanted was for her just to forgive me, forget it and for us to move one. But now it's different. I don't want her to forgive me, I want her to keep hating me and forget me. I want her to leave me so that I can suffer like the piece of shit that I am. I don't want her to suffer anymore, I don't want her to be subjected to my bullshit and abuse. I hate myself so much. I truly do want to be gone from this earth, to rid my horribleness from her and our baby.What's worse is that because of the horrific stress that I put her through, I might have put our baby at risk as well. And that I can't live with. If anything happens to her or the baby, I surely won't be able to live on. 
I'm 17 and still live with my parents. We've always had the worst internet package from the *worst* provider. Despite being an upper-middle class family with a good income, my parents would never upgrade. My brother and I, (him being slightly older) being raised in the generation we live in, obviously use the internet *a lot*. We're both avid gamers.Over the past few years I've been busting my balls at school trying to get the best grades I can so I can go to a good Uni and do engineering. I have a 9 hour school day (2 hours spent commuting, another I'm a volunteer tutor), I come home and spend hours doing homework and revision. Then, all I want to do is relax for a few hours playing some online games with friends before I hit he sack.However, for years, out internet has been shitty. If my brother is on, I can't go on. I get stupidly high ping and packet loss, even YouTube and Imgur take forever to load. My only option is crappy flash games or browsing forums. It has been that way for years. When my brother goes to Uni my internet gets better, however it disconnects all the fucking time because I have to use a signal adapter to connect to the internet it's that bad.Well, today was my final straw. I got really into warthunder, and it's the last few days of my 1 week off school. I've been doing a *shit ton* of work this week because exam pressure is the highest its ever been. I finished up today and wanted to play some games. But my brother also came back from Uni today, so my internet will most likely be bad.Joined a warthunder game, 1000 ping, disconnected after 5 minutes of hard lag.Disconnected the router and pulled it from its socket, don't know why, I was just angry, got absolutely ripped into by the entire family.So I went upstairs, gathered some christmas presents and just started destroying them. Because I don't want anything more than to just be able to *fucking relax* and do my favourite thing after a hard day of work. I've put up with it for *years* while begging for fibre. We have it locally and it would cost *less* than what we're currently paying for broadband, because our current deal is a fucking rip off by a shill of a company. But my parents have always just told me to "deal with it" and are sarcastic whenever I ask, like if I bring it up they go "do you really want  fibre broadband? That's nice" and then just blank me.Book of how to tie over 250 knots? Ripped it to shreds.maths in minutes? Ripped it to shreds.New electric shaver? Smashed it.Swiss tool card? Snapped it. Broke the tools.I am now sitting in regret and sadness and I fucking hate myself. Every time I'd gotten overtly angry before, I'd just raged to myself. Pummelled a pillow, screamed into my hands. Whatever. This is the first time I've ever taken it beyond that. I think I need help. Some of the slightest things can set me off, and I've always been one to get more angry than others. 
Hi, I'm a percussionist in the school concert band I have only one pair of drumsticks that I saved my money to buy. My music teacher always double-parts me with at least another drummer because she believes I can't hold a rhythm or a beat, and I just feel they're stealing my part from me and I can't do anything right musically no matter how hard I try and practice, I even try to do the obscure mallet parts no one wants because were would have to read staff. I feel worthless as my dream (and my independence) are being infringed.  
If there are any typing mistakes, my apologies, I'm still shaking from the adrenalin rush. Got upset with someone I work with and I"m not sure how to proceed.Thankfully I didn't go my normal route and attempt to kill him. He felt threatened, started an argument over something simple, then escalated it to near physical confrontation and threats. Outwardly I remained calm(except for the shaking), but it took a while to calm down. More details on that in the comments.My question isn't necessarily about anger, but about the proper response. If this happened previously, I would sit down with my employee, classmate, or client and have a friendly discussion about the event, and how we can better communicate in the future. We'd talk about psychology and cooperation. In this case I am a temporary employee of a hostel, as is the other person. For lack of a better word, he attempted to bully me. The last bully I dealt with was in elementary school, and to deal with him, I struck fear into the hearts and minds of all of my classmates(the bully included) and the faculty through an act of extreme violence. I don't feel this is the right response. Suggestions? I'll be ruminating in the comments until I calm down.
Just an intro, I've been in the IDF for 2 years now, got one more year before I'm released but recently I've been getting very angry over relatively small things. Cleaning the cafeteria/mess hall I'll just look at all the tables and how messy people leave them and just want to break everything. I even pick of a plate then think about it and decide its probably not the smartest thing and not worth the consequences. Its not only with inanimate objects, I work with a group of people who aren't the most intelligent and one of them is sooo fucking annoying...he'll talk and talk about nothing then tell him to do something (I'm his superior) and he'll just whip out his phone and text someone... Another time he came up to me while I was clearly pissed and obnoxiously asks me what's wrong, I told him to leave me alone and work, but he kept pushing. I picked up a nice 2 by 4 and was so ready to whack him over the head with it. Then I thought about it and decided prison and demotion aren't worth hitting him...couple people saw me ready to hit him, I laughed it off as a joke...I don't have a problem controlling my anger clearly. My issue is I'm bitter and angry all the time and it really sucks and I hate it, seems that every little thing sets me off...occasionally I'll talk in a not so nice to a coworker and it'll feel a bit better. This isn't a problem when I'm off base. At home I have endless patience and trust me its been tested. Tldr: No issues in controlling my anger just angry and bitter with 0 patience for anything that has to do with work. This isn't a problem when I'm at home or with the girlfriend.
##**WEEK 2- WORKBOOK 3: STRATEGIES TO MANAGE YOUR ANGER**##During this week, read and complete the exercises in this week's workbook [[download](http://www.newcastlehealthyminds.nhs.uk/wp-content/uploads/workbook-3.-strategies-to-manage-your-anger1.pdf)]. During or after completing the workbook, come back to this thread and share whatever you'd like to share (things you learned, new insights, setbacks, etc). It is recommended that you follow the schedule but if you missed the previous week you can still catch up or jump right in to this week.  ##**Schedule:**##* [Sunday 2/1 - Introductions and Workbook 1: About Anger](http://www.reddit.com/r/Anger/comments/2ueley/anger_management_class_week_1_introductions_and/) [[pdf](http://www.newcastlehealthyminds.nhs.uk/wp-content/uploads/workbook-1-about-anger2.pdf)]* [Sunday 2/8 - Workbook 2: Quick Control] (http://www.reddit.com/r/Anger/comments/2v6xh1/anger_management_class_week_2_workbook_2_quick/) [[pdf](http://www.newcastlehealthyminds.nhs.uk/wp-content/uploads/workbook-2-quick-control1.pdf)]* **Sunday 2/15 - Workbook 3: Strategies to Manage Your Anger [[pdf](http://www.newcastlehealthyminds.nhs.uk/wp-content/uploads/workbook-3.-strategies-to-manage-your-anger1.pdf)]*** Sunday 2/22 - Workbook 4: Relationships [[pdf](http://www.newcastlehealthyminds.nhs.uk/wp-content/uploads/workbook-4-relationships2.pdf)]* Sunday 3/1 - Workbook 5: Challenging Angry Thoughts and Beliefs [[pdf](http://www.newcastlehealthyminds.nhs.uk/wp-content/uploads/workbook-5-challenging-angry-thoughts-and-beliefs.pdf)]* Sunday 3/8 - Workbook 6: Challenges to Managing Anger [[pdf](http://www.newcastlehealthyminds.nhs.uk/wp-content/uploads/workbook-6-challenges-to-managing-anger.pdf)]* Sunday 3/15 - Reflections
I'm living with my grandparents for the next few years until I earn my associate's. I've been here for a year and the novelty of the change has worn off. My grandmother drives me up a fucking wall on a regular basis, and I have no channel to vent. She is very immature in the way that she likes to displace blame onto others, and acts as if she can do no wrong. If your opinion differs from hers, you're backwards and need to change. Tonight wasn't the worst, but I decided that I need to find a release before I have a breakdown, which I did several years ago.Tonight we were ordering dinner online and the system required basic information such as a name, phone number, and address. She decided not to do it and to call instead because she didn't want them taking her identity. Now she's not some old frail granny. She's a banker that works in a loan department and spends 90% of her time texting or on facebook.I didn't want her to call it in because last time she messed up the order AND ordered from a location across town. So here is how the dialogue went:Me: "What are you worried about?"Her: "Nothing! It's just information that they don't need!"Me: "It's all encrypted on their server. Employees only see the delivery address, a first name, and maybe a phone number."Her: "I don't care. It's identifying information and I don't want them stealing it."*Note that this "identifying information" is publicly available*Me: "Don't you think you're overreacting?"Her: "No, I'm being rational! YOU'RE overreacting!"Me: "Okay, I'm not doing this kindergarten 'I-know-you-are-but-what-am-I' nonsense again."Her: "Fine! Then drop it! You're the one carrying on and being childish!"So I went to my room, tore up a plastic bag, and snapped a steel ruler in half. I was still angry but after spending $100 on a new phone and spending a few weeks recovering from a broken hand (still sore), I was afraid to do anything else. This is not good, as the last time I tried doing nothing and letting my anger fade I wound up with a twitch in my eye that developed into a full-on tick when stressed. Having been hospitalized for a breakdown in the past, I know the road I'm on. I can't take walks because I live on the 6th floor, stairs are off limits unless there's an emergency, and the elevators take forever. I tried non-destructive violence (eg. punching a pillow) but that's just not satisfying.Can anyone offer a suggestion?
(With all due respect, please do not post replies like "Go visit therapists", they might try to make me live as dude. They would hardly make me feel like tiny, cute looking girl. No offense but people like therapists and counselors always try to correct people and make them as "ordinary" as possible. I want to carry my wrath on. That is to say, I need someone can make me feel like a adorable looking girl, even though I am 6 feet colossal cis guy.)My too huge body, too small pelvis, Korean guys' trademarks such as awkward eyes and skin tones always have been bothering me. Do not even want to buy new clothes since big clothes always make wearer mundane and characterless. They never make wearer younger, juvenile, girlish..... Perhaps every wardrobe from fast fashion brands make wearer same as other people. I think Female Yukatas, see-through summer dresses can expose my panties and bra, very short pleated skirts....alike can make me girl, but no shops sell this large cute clothes and I loathe my body and gender even further. That even makes me despise dude Pixiv illustrators draw cute gals......do they deserve drawing of such lovely girls even though they are real manly dude?!Anyway, what should I do to consider myself as woman. 
Dear Angry I have a friend that suffers from aggression and im not sure how I can help. his issues seem to step from his fathers passing 9 years ago. He was 19 years old and acted as the caretaker during the last few months of his life. He died from stage 4 colon cancer - the family has never really recouperated. his anger issues have gotten better over the years apparently, he used to regularly get into fights, break stuff, etc. but now it just results in him getting into sour moods which are near impossible to break. I'm pretty sure the source of the anger is anxiety, he worrys about everything, what everyone thinks of him. every emotion he has seems to result in frustration and madness. His family got pretty fed up with him and sent him to a psychotherapist - he said it wasnt helping, so his doc put him on a antianixety/SSRI med. I have a bit of knowledge of the drugs and dont like him taking them. in his madness he thinks that everything will result in cancer so hes stopped taking them. but everything now sets him off any advice? I want him to be happy and to not have to work at it....
This is my cursed story. Although I had innate Asperger and autism I had to suffer from a dozen year of compulsory education, due to lack of alternate school and my parents' delusion. Cramped schools always held excessive numbers of students and classrooms were practically jail, holding more than 30 students always. Teachers were snobs only want money and I just wanted to escape. And then constant Ijime began. Developed compulsive, depressive disorder and schizophrenia as well under Japanese cultural colony by totalitarian, bureaucratic education. Entered pretty good university but don't really want to study. Don't really want to attend university. Because employers will know I am damn mentally retarded loser, they can always access my dossier! Want to escape from my fucked up past and reverse my luck. Ranting my wrath and agony is only thing I can do. But majority of people offend me, since they did not suffer this painful anguish. They only think I provoke them without reason. Don't want to meet with therapists who would try to "correct" me. I want to meet with people Can understand my wrath. There is no place for mentally ill people...Everyone just considers mad person's thoughts as insult without reason. And I do not want therapist, if someone is willing to help me, she or he must invigorate me so I can use my wrath as fuel and reverse my luck.
Long story short. I dislike someone. I dislike them because they symbolize a never ending amount of bullying I got in my life.I've told them I don't like them. I've told them I hope I don't run into them as well. It's one of those things like "stay out of my way unless I'll lose it".That being said, part of me wants to see this person and part of me wants to fight back for once in my life. Fight back for all those people who came in and hurt me.Now, given all this I often have 'episodes' and they don't seem to be getting better. For example, today I was just chillin', doing my thing and the thought of ever seeing this guy in the street came up. I began to visualize it. The feeling began to consume me. I imagined what I'd do and how it will all go down to every detail: The dialogue, the events, the setting, context, etc...That's when I felt my heart rate rise and I felt my breathing increase in consequence. I felt a surge of strength through every limb, like I can kick or punch through concrete, that I can do serious damage. I felt an urge to yell in a animalistic way as my thoughts revolving on knocking him out consumed me. I felt the adrenaline flow through me, the feeling of conquest, being indestructible and tuning into my most primitive desires made every single breath feel glorious.Then I felt it, the after adrenaline regret. The come down, the feeling like "What have I done?" "What's wrong with me?" even though this entire time I was just in my bedroom. I had never left nor moved more than 3 feet yet I felt completely taken by what consumed me. I felt like a different person and while I'm back to "normal" again, I hardly feel that way.Not sure what I'm looking for in sharing this. I guess I just wanted to share that and let it out. Thanks for reading.

I know those two subjects are different from each other but has anyone else been through this. It usually goes something like this.Someone or something makes me angry, i'll punch everything around me, then the tears will come because i'm mad at myself for being mad (Are you confused yet?), then the negative thoughts rush to my head and finally i self-harm.
I'm in my mid-thirties and finally trying to deal with some childhood issues and others along the way.  I've had a pretty good life, have some really good friends spread about, but I've burnt a lot of bridges as well.  I get really angry with people's slights, attacks to my pride and general insults; too sensitive one might say.  I've developed a habit of trying to internalize my anger and it just festers with time.  Either I eventually blow up on the 'assailant' or it vents out on someone else (textbook).  As best as I can tell, I've got this childhood trauma that I haven't dealt with, and keep layering on top of that all these slights from other people.So I'm finally trying to peel off these layers and let some of this stuff go.  And take responsibility for the things that I do / have done to hurt others.  But that's really hard.  So far I've started writing about my thoughts, anger to hopefully get it out.  I also meditate, which is really hard!  Half of the motivation for this post is trying writing something that others can read as a way to vent and be honest, but also reaching out for suggestions on ways to release my anger.  Any help appreciated.
##**WEEK 2- WORKBOOK 2: QUICK CONTROL**First off, thanks to everyone who participated last week! And thank you mods for stickying last week's post.During this week, read and complete the exercises in this week's workbook [[download](http://www.newcastlehealthyminds.nhs.uk/wp-content/uploads/workbook-2-quick-control1.pdf)]. During or after completing the workbook, come back to this thread and share whatever you'd like to share (things you learned, new insights, setbacks, etc). It is recommended that you follow the schedule but if you missed the previous week you can still catch up or jump right in to this week.  ##**Schedule:**##* [Sunday 2/1 - Introductions and Workbook 1: About Anger](http://www.reddit.com/r/Anger/comments/2ueley/anger_management_class_week_1_introductions_and/) [[pdf](http://www.newcastlehealthyminds.nhs.uk/wp-content/uploads/workbook-1-about-anger2.pdf)]* **Sunday 2/8 - Workbook 2: Quick Control [[pdf](http://www.newcastlehealthyminds.nhs.uk/wp-content/uploads/workbook-2-quick-control1.pdf)]*** Sunday 2/15 - Workbook 3: Strategies to Manage Your Anger [[pdf](http://www.newcastlehealthyminds.nhs.uk/wp-content/uploads/workbook-3.-strategies-to-manage-your-anger1.pdf)]* Sunday 2/22 - Workbook 4: Relationships [[pdf](http://www.newcastlehealthyminds.nhs.uk/wp-content/uploads/workbook-4-relationships2.pdf)]* Sunday 3/1 - Workbook 5: Challenging Angry Thoughts and Beliefs [[pdf](http://www.newcastlehealthyminds.nhs.uk/wp-content/uploads/workbook-5-challenging-angry-thoughts-and-beliefs.pdf)]* Sunday 3/8 - Workbook 6: Challenges to Managing Anger [[pdf](http://www.newcastlehealthyminds.nhs.uk/wp-content/uploads/workbook-6-challenges-to-managing-anger.pdf)]* Sunday 3/15 - Reflections
I feel situations can be prevented or made easy but it always seems *others* don't think things through. Or *others* are the reason for the bullshit. Sometimes I bottle things up to the point of "exploding" OR I just talk to others like a jerk - so a healthy dose of *jerk* for those that tick me off. Resulting in me always complaining, and it makes me seem like I'm high-maintenance. **Scenario 1:** Today I was having my car towed. I greeted the tow truck driver and said "how's it going" (since I was happy to see him). He barely says hello. I stood there for a second, and then asked where the car was being taken to, he confirmed. "Do you need my key, do you need me here?" - Yes, he replied. So I gave him my key. As luck had it my wife's car needed a jump too, but of course she didn't tell them this, and he told me I had to call it in. So I did, and before I know it, the tow truck driver is gone. So I called AAA back and told them their driver they sent out had the attitude of a 2 year old. And how I had to ask ALL of the questions to make sure things were right. Lack of communication really. To top it off I had to call back AAA to cancel it as my wife didn't leave her keys with me. **Scenario 2:** Have a recruiter as I'm looking for a new job, because I like to keep my options open and new job/more money/change, I'm always a fan of. Mentioned relocation to a few surrounding states. Going back and forth with the recruiter on what I'm looking for, yesterday. Today she asks: "But what would a relo look like for you?  With your wife be at the *blank* office?  Would she just pack up?  Or would you guys relo again?"My thoughts: how about we cross that bridge when we come to it, or have an offer? What difference does it make to *recruiter-lady* how the fuck we do this. If it's $100k salary MORE than what I make now, then of course she'll move. Or I'm sure we may live apart for a month or two, she give notice a few months in advance. OR I work in the other state for 90 days to make sure I like it, then she can decide. Or maybe we could continue our relationship via skype, face time during dinners and watch movies together. I'm tempted to reply back with "shhh don't tell her :)  " As if to escalate her nosey thoughts.  I'm not planning on responding as it'll either add to the "fuel for the stupid-machine" or result in me being snarky, to which she won't want to work with me anymore. **Scenario 3:** My wife will be going on a work trip for 3 weeks to NYC. A few weeks back, her bosses invited me to go. I said "sure" of course. But hoping they'd pay for the hotel/flight or get her a separate room. NOPE. My wife asked about reimbursement and if she could have her own room so that I could stay, to which they'd try. But weeks later (this week) they couldn't get an extra room. And there's no way I'm sharing a room with another lady from her work.Basically we've been looking up flights, into a day or two off of work, hoping the hotel would've been covered. But nothing will be. So it doesn't make sense for me to go now, as I won't be with her the entire time as she'll be in conferences most of the time. So, all of that looking and pricing out plans, all a waste. WTF did they invite me, when they didn't bother getting a reservation for her and I to share a room? Or addressing the issue. Or looking into a hotel across the street or down the block? On the other hand if they didn't want to pay mine that's fine, but they knew I would've been able to make it regardless of hotel, or schedule, but people just need to know. **Scenario 4:**My wife's manager has a membership for all employees at the local Costco. We just found out about it this week. Wife asked her manager what she needed to do, to which her manager replied for her to simply go to Costco and tell them she's with CompanyXYZ. Well.....we get there and they have the company name down, but of course she isn't on the list and we weren't paid for. Which leads to us just wandering around, unable to buy anything that night. And she will have to bring up (along with the prior travel conversation) about the membership. **Scenario 5:**Go to the local drive-thru, McDonald, with my wife. I pull up and order what I want. Then my wife is mumbling/speaking softly "himhawing" about what she wants. Really puts me over the edge, because it's fucking McDonalds, the menu hasn't changed. It's not a big decision, it's one shitty meal, and even if I say "1 minute" my wife will take forever to say what she wants, leaving me to start to copy what she's saying, or it'll take 2 minutes for her to decide on a hamburger. Omg. It's the worst "middle-man" situation. Makes me want to just tell her we should go inside. Because I hate talking through the drive thru window, as she takes forever. I work on my patience but, FUCK ME. ------Nothing ever happens how it should. I constantly feel like George from Seinfeld. There's always a problem. I get very annoyed by the simplest of things. I feel when I ask someone a question, it's because I have about 5 more questions, and need to explain *why* I'm asking the questions in the first place. It's never a convenience. Or I always have to think for someone. I feel nobody really gives a shit, and follows through. And my patience is always being pushed. I constantly feel inconvenienced or pushed to my limits. 
So a bit of background: I am currently seeing a psychiatrist for my issues which is helping. But one of the biggest problems I have is when I'm having a rage episode, or the prequel to one when I'm just flustered and aggravated, is when people ask me "what's wrong?" I fucking hate that. If I really wanted to talk, I would talk but at this moment in time I just wanna be left alone especially when I have headphones on. It's kinda my way to isolate and slowly calm down without it being forced. Anyone else feel this way? Just looking for some input or some friendly advice. 
Okay... I'm feeling really stupid right now and I really hate this. It's not an everyday problem and luckily more often than not this problem is directed towards objects not people,  but it's still something that negatively effects me life. I won't get into why I did what I did today- it's always something stupid. But needless to say the explosive anger bubbled out and I punched it right in the hard drive. Hard enough that now it's making a beeping sound following by a clicking noise. The operating system won't boot up and I'm pretty sure it's fucked. Two seconds after the punch...  Anger gone. And I feel like a moron. But at the time,  when the anger hits, punching the computer feels like the best idea in the world so I don't know how to control it. It just comes and then goes when the anger is expended. It's like I'm in a completely different state of mind. This isn't the first time I've fucked a computer up. Hell last year I snapped a Samsung note in two. I've punched self in the face. I've put holes in walls. When I was younger I broke controllers for video games. And it's always the same as described above. Something inconvenient followed by explosive holy anger that quickly dissipates after I break something. I do have a history of depression,  I don't know if the two extremes are intertwined,  however when I was really depressed I'd punch trees or concrete walls until my knuckles popped and started to bleed. I'm not an angry person. In fact most people describe me as a very calm and collected person. The only person who knows about this problem is my SO and I'm so thankful she's at least somewhat understanding. I hate that I'm like this but feel like I can't control myself. What do I do? I can't live like this. I mean I just trashed a 700 computer. It was already pretty messed up,  but it was still functional. The worst part is we have a new computer on the way and we were finally going to get to play guild wars 2 together. But not any more. Fuck me and fuck my stupid fucking brain. Please help... 
I am usually a calm person, but lately tiny things have been getting on my nerves so much that I just feel like giving up on humanity and isolating myself. For example, I get absolutely frustrated when I'm walking fast to work and someone cuts me off and walks slower than me, or if they don't follow those unspoken social rules (like leaving the left side of the escalator free or walking on the right).But something that completely blows my top off is when someone is making noises - like tapping their fingers on the table, listening to music on speakers in a public space, or just if a kid is yelling or crying. I go on a rage so bad that I want to scream at them, but I always keep everything bottled up inside and that just makes it worse. Does anyone have any tips on managing that type of anger? It's really starting to take its toll.
for starters, I'm a 17 y/o who's had anger issues for as long as I can remember. usually I'll get super pissed and lash out, mostly at my parents, and eventually calm down and end up hating myself for it. I've done just about everything I can think of to try and calm down, but there isn't a single thing that's ever worked. sometimes I end up breaking shit in a fit of rage (hell, I'm pretty sure the walls of my room are about 25% holes) but had never really harmed anyone else before (not counting fights I've gotten into at my hs, that's different).recently, my dad was a bit pissed at me for some reason or another, I don't remember or care what it was, and he was giving me this long ass lecture about it. I was trying my best to control it, but eventually I got tired of it and I told him to fuck off. upon hearing this, he said something along the lines of "the fuck did you just say" and pinned me up against a wall. by my shoulders. grave mistake.I couldn't even really process what happened at the time, until after about the 7th or 8th punch, and by then it was far too late and I was far too pissed to stop. I just fucking wailed on him. I was delivering blow after blow, anywhere I could, face, neck, gut, you name it. eventually one of them knocked him over, at which point I got on top of him and beat the ever loving shit out of his face.  I think he got me a couple times too at the beginning, but he ended up with a slightly broken jaw, eyes pretty much swollen shut and the worst nosebleed I've ever seen in my life. blood was gushing out of his nose like water out of a fucking faucet. at some point during this I regained my senses, and all I could do was sit there in shock. I began to question whether or not it was even real at all, but a hard slap to my own face proved that I was neither dreaming nor tripping balls, and that it really did happen. at that point I figured I'd be fucked, so I crashed at my friend's house for a couple nights. over that period I was drinking and smoking enough to kill the average bear, but not enough to erase that shit from my memory. eventually I came home and neither of my parents said a single word to me, they both just gave me this look of "you're dead to me, you little fuck."I always feared that something like this would happen someday, and now that it has I have no idea what to do. at the same time it was almost like a weight got lifted off of my shoulders. I no longer had to worry about when I'm gonna snap and fuck someone up, because now it's already happened. so, what the hell do I do now? I'm seriously afraid that I'll end up either becoming an abusive husband/father or in prison for a long time someday if this continues, but nothing I've tried to stop this from happening and I'm now at a loss.
I had just got out of class (college) and was walking to my car when this guy walks up saying he had run out of gas and needed a ride to a gas station. He claimed to be military and said he was meeting someone from the local outpost for help. Ok, sure. So we start driving and I can tell he's buggy. He kept repeating the same stories and then told me to go to a different gas station where the other guy was "waiting". We get there and, of course, the guy isn't there. He asks me for forty bucks. He had a big jacket on and he was a smaller dude and by this point I could tell something was up, so for fear of getting stabbed or shot, I just gave him the money. I can't believe what a fucking dumbass I was to actually "help" this guy. I'm so fucking angry that I feel like my head is going to explode. I can't believe how fucking dumb I was to think that yeah, this dude needs some help and I should be the one to help him. I feel like running my fist through a brick wall.
I'm a 19 year old guy. I was with my girlfriend for 2 years until just recently. She broke up with me when we were having a big fight, and ultimately it was over her resentment at my ability to get so angry and frustrated so quickly when we fought.I never get angry like that generally, I only really get triggered to that point half way through an argument when I start to get really frustrated at a certain thing.Usually it was because of a problem I had with her (eg. I hated when she got into a big funk over something small like missing a train or a rude person on the street, or if she left dishes with old food in the sink), and I would bring it up. She would either acknowledge it and we would move on or she would get defensive. If she got defensive, I would start to get frustrated. Thinking thoughts like "how come she's getting so defensive over something so small?" would make me more frustrated, and before I know it, I am yelling or acting immature and just generally appearing ugly in all sense of the word. I kept thinking I could work on it but because it happens so quickly it's hard for me to catch myself before it's too late and calm down.How can I catch myself and work on this issue? I've had times throughout my life where I've been like this and done things in anger that I regret later on and I don't know why I am like this. The way I behave when I'm extremely frustrated or angry is irrational and I always feel stupid afterwards looking back on it, but I can't seem to think clearly in the moment and it's too late before I know it. I really want to change!
The smallest things are capable of sending me over the edge. Like not being able to untie a knot, not being able to find something, people talking to me at the wrong time, etc. I get enraged and I yell at people and I don't want to lose control and hurt someone. What the fuck is wrong with me?
I'm in a pretty good place in my life right now, but some resentment is holding me back in a huge way.I am still angry and resentful towards a person, and I let them know that. This pisses them off, and now they are hell-bent on making my life a living hell.This resentment has blown back in my face, and I'm afraid of the consequences of this person's actions. They have already spread personal information about my mental health, to people, and I'm pretty sure that they might be targeting my friends and family, to tell them about my 'dark past,' next.How do I stop being angry at this person? Apparently, it's my resentment and need for closure that is making them do this.How do I let go, and move on?
Seriously.  It's starting to feel personal  (Oh, I see "Paranoia" makes the cut...)But Developmental Trauma Disorder doesn't.  I get lumped with with PTSD -- so then I sound like a whiny jackass when I have to explain that I never served in the military.  And Misophonia.  HOW **EXACTLY** accurate does a description have to BE?!?  Fuckers.  
Last night, I was watching the Super Bowl with some friends in my living room.  We had pizza, and it was a good time.  Until the end of the fucking game.  With about a minute to go, this stupid asshole who lives down the hall waltzes into my living room and starts talking all sorts of shit.  He was also just being generally disgusting as usual, saying about how he would totally let Tom Brady fuck him in the asshole given the chance, and so on.  We all hate this guy to begin with because he's such a raging douche, and he starts coming in and saying all this stuff.  After the Brady comment, my friend called him disgusting and he called her a fucking homophobe (she's not a homophobe, he's just a fucking pervert)  He left after a few minutes, and we all ranted.  I started getting loud and angry because that's the only thing I know how to do when I'm pissed off, and screamed "fatsonofaBITCH!" about him.  Then here's where shit gets super fun.  My roommate/ one of my really good friends ACTUALLY FUCKING STOOD UP FOR HIM, HE GOT IN MY FUCKING FACE AND TOLD ME THAT I NEED TO CALM DOWN AND THAT MR. FATSHIT DOWN THE HALL IS ACTUALLY A REALLY NICE GUY.  Yeah, dumbshit, you like him because you're 20 and he's 21 and he buys you booze.  Mr. Fatshit came back a few minutes later and I stormed off and slammed a door.  I'm bad at handling my anger, and I know I am.  I once rage-slammed my phone after someone pissed me off, and then had to pay like $200 to get it fixed.  Thank god it was raining last night, because when I get fired up I start craving cigarettes and the rain stopped me from going to 7/11 and sitting outside and smoking.  I'm still kind of pissed about what happened last night, I can't even look my roommate in the eye after he defended that asshole to me and a lot of my friends feel the same way, and even though we already have our apartment planned for the next school year, I'm starting to have second thoughts about living with him.I don't really know how to handle my anger, I usually just suppress it and then once in a while, I explode, and last night, I exploded.  Any tips for what I should do when I'm in a situation like that? 
###**Welcome to Anger Management Training!** A week or so ago I inquired if anyone knew of any free online group anger management classes. No one knew of any but those who responded were also interested in a such a class. And so that is what this is!This course will last 7 weeks. It is not required to participate for all 7 weeks but it is recommended. For the first 6 weeks we will follow a free online anger management course. You will read and complete the workbook for that week and then post to that week's thread anything you want to share (insights, roadblocks, etc). You don't have to share the answers to the exercises (unless you want to).The 7th week will be about reflecting on the previous 6 weeks and sort of like a debriefing.  **Here's the schedule for the next 7 weeks:*** Sunday 2/1 - Introductions and Workbook 1: About Anger [[pdf](http://www.newcastlehealthyminds.nhs.uk/wp-content/uploads/workbook-1-about-anger2.pdf)]- Sunday 2/8 - Workbook 2: Quick Control [[pdf](http://www.newcastlehealthyminds.nhs.uk/wp-content/uploads/workbook-2-quick-control1.pdf)]* Sunday 2/15 - Workbook 3: Strategies to Manage Your Anger [[pdf](http://www.newcastlehealthyminds.nhs.uk/wp-content/uploads/workbook-3.-strategies-to-manage-your-anger1.pdf)]* Sunday 2/22 - Workbook 4: Relationships [[pdf](http://www.newcastlehealthyminds.nhs.uk/wp-content/uploads/workbook-4-relationships2.pdf)]* Sunday 3/1 - Workbook 5: Challenging Angry Thoughts and Beliefs [[pdf](http://www.newcastlehealthyminds.nhs.uk/wp-content/uploads/workbook-5-challenging-angry-thoughts-and-beliefs.pdf)]* Sunday 3/8 - Workbook 6: Challenges to Managing Anger [[pdf](http://www.newcastlehealthyminds.nhs.uk/wp-content/uploads/workbook-6-challenges-to-managing-anger.pdf)]* Sunday 3/15 - ReflectionsBtw I found these workbooks at http://psychology.tools/anger.html ##**WEEK 1- INTRODUCTIONS AND WORKBOOK 1: ABOUT ANGER**First, please feel free to introduce yourself here in this thread. Who are you? Why are you seeking help? What do you hope to accomplish after finishing this course?Next, during this week, read and complete the exercises in this week's workbook [[download](http://www.newcastlehealthyminds.nhs.uk/wp-content/uploads/workbook-1-about-anger2.pdf)]. Finally, come back to this thread and share whatever you'd like to share (things you learned, new insights, setbacks, etc). 
My gf knows I have anger issues and she still tests me. I try and go out of the room to calm down and yet she's still saying shit behind my back when she knows it will make me worse. Then when i confront her about it she says she's seeing if I have the balls to do it. Help me, please. I'm going to ruin my life.
first time poster, but not new to these sorts of things.Long story short I fucked up tonight. I've been dating this girl for over a year now. No issues, and tonight I hit her. We got in a fight and it got physical. Shouldn't have gone that way and it did. I fucked up. I loved her and I fucked up.Past: I had a pretty abusive relationship with this other girl for a long time. We'd get into fights all the time, and it would get physical. She left me, i deserved it. Decided I'd never do it again. Well, almost two years later, I broke that promise tonight.I fucked up guys/gals. Big time. Just needed to get it off my chest. Feel like I should find someone to give me the beating of a life time. I've probably lost this girl, been dating for over a year now, and it's probably over now. Everything was fine, and now it's all fucking gone. Got no one to blame but myself.
I'm sitting on a couch, two dogs are beside me. A mother and son. The film "1408" is on, and I've got a cup of tea on the end table. While typing this, I'm constantly needing to go back and correct words because my hands are shaking so much.Yesterday, my father, my mum, and I drove to an aeroport 3 hours away. My mum is flying out to see some family. My father and I stopped at a mall, stopped at a restaurant, and stopped at several petrol stations. Along the way, he tried to make conversation with me and I was in the passenger seat, my cap over my eyes, trying to have a bit of a kip, but given the 3 pints I had at the restaurant and the particularly bumpy road, I couldn't sleep. As we headed home, I made more and more conversation with my father. He told me about how he had been unfaithful with my mum, and how she had said that if he wanted a blowjob, he'd have to buy her a purse. He said he had felt like he was "fucking a whore."After he said that, I looked at both my parents in a new light. After some more talk of his sexual conquest before he married my mum, and one story about how his brother had slept with a former girlfriend of his, the conversation turned to alcohol.Growing up, my father was a heavy drinker. It became especially bad when I was 14. One night after a few too many bottles of cheap beer, my dad told my mum she was a bitch and that he wanted a divorce. She stood at the top of the stairs and he pushed past her. I stood in the kitchen and watched. He stormed outside and we both followed. The car started and my mum told me to stand behind it, convinced that if his own flesh and blood were in danger, he wouldn't dare drive off. She was wrong. I jumped out of the way and he headed down the block. A neighbour had heard all the commotion and called the police. He returned, along with two officers. I stood in the garden, shaking. My mum didn't want him back in the house so he went to the drunk tank for the night.He didn't return the next day, as he was supposed to. We spent 3 days waiting for any kind of word, and we finally got it. A police officer called the house, saying that my father had been arrested for drink driving. My mum went to pick him up, though I'm sure she would have liked to let him sweat.He returned home and I said nothing. He promised he'd get better, I said nothing. He said he loved me, I moved away.The drink driving charge against my father was fought, he won. I hated that fact so much. I was furious. I wanted to hurt him.Back on the road, we're about an hour from home. My father apologises for all that he's down, saying how he wished he could be a better father, telling me how he didn't have a father growing up. I wanted to tell him neither did I. I wanted to tell him that I couldn't remember ever having one family dinner together, that I remember every school play he didn't come to, either due to work or to the amount of alcohol in his blood, that I don't remember the last time I told him that I loved him, because I didn't (and don't.) He tells me he's gone through the 12 steps, and that now he's a sponsor for someone else, someone who needs help. He says the only thing he wants for me is my safety and well-being, and that he loves me.We get home, I go downstairs. My mate has a small amount of marijuana. We smoke it and everything feels good for awhile. I go to bed.I wake up in the morning, first at half 5 and than several times after that before my father drives me to work at 9 in the morning.The work day was slow. I work retail so it already feels like the day is taking forever, even more so with the lack of business.My dad arrives to pick me up at 6:27 PM. I get into his vehicle and it reeks of beer. He doesn't say anything until he asks about the pizza I ordered. He slurs through every sentence and swerves along the road. He's obviously drunk. Less then 24 hours ago, he told me he was sorry for the last time he endangered my life while drinking, he told me he had stopped, he told me he loved me. I don't love him.I spent 5 years trying to forgive him, trying to love him again, and that has disappeared in the span of ten minutes that it takes to get from my work to home.I don't know what to do now. I'm cold, I'm furious, I'm scared, I feel like breaking down.Part of me knew this would happen, what with mum being out of town. Part of me wants to kick his fucking teeth in for being such a terrible person, for being a liar. Part of me wants to drown, to keep sinking until I find the bottom and to not let go of the breeze block. I'm in a strange place with no idea where to go, but down seems a viable answer.
Over the past several years I have had multiple instances where I am verbally abusive to my girlfriend and even make physical threats evens though I don't believe I would ever act on them.  It seems to happen about once every 6 to 8 months and stems from some of the stupidest stuff.  She has reached the point that it is no longer worth it for her and wants out but will help in any way to resolve my anger issues.I look back at these situation and they all follow a very similar pattern.  She will make a small comment or do something that i find offensive and I usually make a small scene and try to leave.  She then prevents me from leaving which takes me from a 5 to a 9 on the anger scale.  At that point I just lay into her about how bad of a person she is and i never want to see her again and that kind of crap.  As an example the last blowup was after she had made a comment about not doing some dishes at the time I was doing them.  I proceed to put my shoes on and head out the back door and go to my car.  She sees me and blocks the back gate at which time i warn her that I am going to run over her on foot.  As I start my battering ram she moves out of the way and blocks my car door.  As i get closer I spit in her direction to get her to move.  When she finally does I am so heated that I constantly call and text her telling her how horrible of a person she is.She has jumped in my car several time and ever chased my on foot as I have tried to leave after getting mad.  Thinking back on the situations from several years ago still makes my blood boil.  I think I am doing the right thing by getting away and can't get out and I just blow up.  There have been times that I have left without her realizing I was upset and the issue just blows over.  Obviously my way of handling anger is not working as i never address the issue of what is making me upset.  I have decided to make an effort at fixing my issues and will see counseling.  My post was more of a way to vent to start to get it off of my chest.  However, if there are any comments of suggestions please let me know.
Earlier today, I found out that my uncle didn't have much time left. It was okay, because I told him everything I needed to, and that I loved him. My mom died of the same thing, lung cancer, a year ago. In a way, I was glad that he was going to be at peace. I called up my cousin and he got me a buddy pass to fly home tonight. The drive to the airport was horrendous. I was stuck in traffic for about an hour for what should have only taken me twenty minutes, so I missed my flight. At that point I was a little upset, but I was still okay. However as I was driving home, I tried to signal into another lane when I saw that the one I was in was a turn only lane. This bastard in a green truck sped up when I signaled and wouldn't let me in. I sped up to make it through, but he was deliberately forcing me out. He ran me off to the side of the road, and smirked as he passed. I couldn't tell you how much I literally wanted to kill him. I wanted to follow him home and bust his knee caps, slash his tires, and key up his car. I really did try to follow him, but lost track through all the merging of traffic. The entire ride home, I couldn't help but scream, curse, and slam my steering wheel. It was like uncontrollable rage that made my body shake. I drive a manual and couldn't properly engage/disengage the clutch, because I was shaking that bad. I just want to get a drink to calm myself right now. I don't know if I would be okay if my uncle passed without me seeing him. I just might lose it. 
So a few days ago I made a post asking if anyone knew of any weekly anger-management online groups. No one knew of any but mentioned they were interested in participating in one. So if people are still interested I'd like to start one here. I was thinking that the first week we could introduce ourselves and tell "our story". After that follow a free online anger-management course/workbook. Each week we'd all complete one section of the course and then talk about it here.I don't know of any totally free online courses/workbooks (but surely they exist). I'll start looking for a good one. If anyone has any suggestions then feel free to share!To the mods: If this gets going, I think it'd be really cool to sticky the weekly thread so it'd be easy for everyone to find.EDIT:To all those interested, we will start anger management training this upcoming Sunday!
 * So recently i've had this horrible anger at everything. Like hate towards things that I have no reason to hate. An example is that my burrito was to salty so I punched it and then threw it away. Ive had anger problems before, but never this bad.  * Back around the 3rd grade was when my anger problems started. They started out mildly with fits here and there, but slowly increased to the point where I had barely any friends within the 6th grade. They got better in the 7th grade when I gained friends and didn't have so much to be angry at. Around the end of my 8th grade year is when it stopped. I calmed down, and everything was normal. * So I went through 3 years in high school with barely in anger problems. No fits of random rage or anything like that. Come my senior year is when it begins. Near the first of the year I get into a fight. For anyone who knows me now that had probably been my first fight since the 7th grade. To go more forward I showed to have more anger towards some of my teachers. Now it being the second semester the rage has been never ending for that past month in a half.  * Ill slam my phone against stuff if it uses the auto correct wrong, or ill punch my computer if I lose at a game. This anger is getting way out of hand, and I don't know what is causing it. Another thing that I've noticed is that I want sex way to much now. Its like a constant thing, and Ive never been this way. Yes like a normal teen-aged boy I wanted sex, but not like I do now. * So I was thinking maybe my body is producing to much testosterone, or something of that sort. Anyways the only person in my life that know the true extent of my anger is my gf, and I don't know how she's been able to put up with me. * I want to ask all of this sub reddit if there is something wrong with me. I don't know what is causing my anger, but I want it to stop. I've started doing anger control things, and none of them really do anything. So reddit help?
I just want a way to release my anger, I'm not looking for a fight. However, in the back of my mind I want someone to start shit so I have a way to release. Is this ok as long as I'm not going around punching people out of the blue? Or should I talk to someone?
Hey guys, little bio:I was a happy and calm-ish kid throughout a big part of my life, until some shit really went down, sending me through hell. From that point onwards, I've just been goddamn bitter with everything. I have a low stupid tolerance, and I get angry freakin easily. It was something my mom did, and I hated. I don't want to become one of those angry dad's yellin at his kids all the freakin time, so I really need some help, before this shit goes out of control. If anyone has questions regarding this, (because I haven't included much of info here), please do ask and I'd be grateful. Thanks :3
I saw another post here about loving the outdoors and it made me want to run away to rural Oregon, far, far away from this city bullshit where I'm having to pop ativan like Chicklets and hide in my room to avoid angering situations.I 've nearly broken my phone and want to drop kick my new computer over the balcony. The anger is taking its toll and I'm ready to snap.I grew up in an abusive home from the time I was really little to about 18 when I finally moved out. Dad was supposedly abusive, the stepfather was a craptastic bastard and mom never tried to stop him; in fact she joined in. So what the hell, I have too. Better to join them in destroying shit, including myself and my beloved posessions than be the victim anymore, right?!But in destroying everything I hold close, including relationships, it only makes me rage more. It's a vicious cycle that I'm afraid to get out of. I even actually kind of like the rage. It's the only time I feel powerful, not weak, anymore.I know it needs to stop but I am afraid to get out of it because Who am I without it? weak.Please can someone help me get a start to extract this crap from my life?I see my therapist this next week, thanks be.Thanks for this subreddit being here and all of you.
Does anyone know of any structured online anger management groups? I found some classes but they're just videos. I'd like to be part of a group that meets regularly online.I'm interested in anger management forums and chat rooms as well if anyone knows of one besides this subreddit's IRC channel.Thanks.
Alright. I'm posting here about a friend of mine, but I'll give some background on my behalf first.I'm a 20 year old man that has been in anger management since I was 10. I've been expelled from a school because of my anger, put people in the hospital because of my anger, and lost a lot because of my anger. I know how beneficial it can be as a driving force. My anger has helped me escape dangerous situations; it has driven me to change my life in the face of helplessness. I've seen the good, and the bad, of anger.I'm in a good place in my life now. I still get counseling on a regular basis, I have methods to keep my anger in check, and I know the signs that my temper is close to bursting. I've long since put the worst of my anger behind me, and I am relatively calm all the time.Now, My best friend has just found out that her sister was sexually assaulted. The specifics of the incident aren't particularly important, just know that he was a 23 year old college student, and her sister is 17.I've had... experiences with this kind of incident before. I remember the intense rage that burned through me when I found out what had happened, and the surge of anger that filled every inch of my being. I know how good that can feel, and I know how hard it can be to control when you have that righteous anger inside you.She has confided in me about the situation, and I know what she is thinking of doing. I just don't know how to advise her about the situation. I recognize the anger bubbling inside me, and it is making it hard for me to try and talk to her reasonably.So, any advice on how to help soothe her anger would be appreciated.
So this is my first time posting about my anger problems. Well to start off I am 22 and I use to be able to deal with just about any problem... but in the last 8 months or so I've been angry all the time. When I say all the time i mean there is at least something every single day. Today for instance I had a friend/co-worker come up to me place his ass in my face and fart right in my face. I know some of you are probably laughing at it, as am I for how ridiculous it was. That's besides the point there were 9 other people in the room when I asked the guy what his problem was, I got flak from the other 9 saying "dude it was just a joke calm down". Anyway with my rising anger issues over the past year it just sent me into a dark abyss of rage. I am just now starting to relax about it. If you are curious about what I said/did, the same thing I have been doing. I just shut up and stuck to myself, after I was accused of overreacting because I was upset about it. Am I wrong for feeling this way? I just find it difficult to be happy at work anymore... I work with the most immature people that believe they are far superior or far batter than some random individual they see. Anyway sorry for the rant, if you have any feed back please leave me some thank you!
Ok im 14 years old going to school in UK in the northeast of england. I fucking love hunting, being in nature and going outdoors. im gonna live in a fucking cabin or something when im older. I go to school and in the city and whenever i walk i see people who don't give a shit about nature or the natural world. Talking about bullshit like phones and technology or friends or social bullshit. THEY DONT CARE ABOUT NATURE AND THE FORESTS. People in my science class who get disgusted when anyone talks about blood or guts or whatever. PEople who are anti hunting. They don't even care, it makes me so fucking annoyed. The UK only has about 15% forest cover and no one gives a shit about it. Only a few "rewilders" actually care about living a primitive life. now here comes the "elliot rodger" part. I find that its women who dont care about nature the most. I have a few friends who have shot a rabbit or whatever, sometimes go camping, but women dont fucking care, they care about makeup and fucking magazines and bitchy shit. Id like to have someone to talk to about hunting and gathering or ANYTHING, but no. All these "hippies" are just fucking vegans or vegetarians who hate hunting. YOu get some proper "hippies" who actually hunt (my cousin is a "hippy" who hunts rabbits and lives in an eco house he made himself) but no one gives a shit. I am shit in social situations (i have a few friends, i cant talk to women at all, i just blush), i havent been in a forest FOR WEEKS, i go to my dads work when i have free time, thats in the countryside but its not a real forest, i just want to go live in the woods but i have to go to school and learn shit i dont want to. I'm not chris mccandles, i need to learn about nature a lot more, but I have to deal with going to school (my legs ache because i am very active and like walking, i have to sit down for hours) , i will never get a fucking girlfriend (don't worry, there'll be a girl for you someday, just be yourself (OBVIOUSLY DOESNT FUCKING WORK). I just want a girl my age to go camping or hunting with, but no one fucking cares. Im a fucking lost cause, fuck my life. I could be good at sports or anything else but instead i have a desire to go into the forests, and no one else has that. sorry if this is confusing i just fucking hate the city and urban enviroments (i hate living in a city) and i am a fucking joke to everyone i know. You may think i'm some special snowflake but i just want someone to talk to about nature. 
I've been getting these bad anger episodes since October of 2014. I only found the root cause of them recently, and have found something that works for me, squeezing ice cubes really hard in my hand.It is an intense sensation, but soothing at the same time.
I've suffered with a Chronic Pain condition (Fibromyalgia) for about 4 years and Fatigue, Depression, Anger and Anxiety for 10 years. I'd started being able to deal with my anger a lot better since Summer but mid way through December I got a really bad cold which has elevated my pain massively and evidently made me less patient. I also started new meds at the beginning of December and have been having massive sleep problems (previous meds knocked me out, didn't realise how much they helped though). I've also been dealing with unemployment for about 3 years and financial issues. Suicidal thoughts etc. Also had my bank hacked into 3 days ago.The other day, I snapped at my boyfriends close friend who (for whatever reason) irritates me on a regular basis. It was a small comment said in anger that caused him to have a "talk" with my boyfriend the following day. Apparently I consistently talk to him in such a way that 2 of my close friends have asked him "how he puts up with me", I've come across as a bully to someone else I consider a friend and have also apparently massively pissed off a couple of other friends due to inaction on me and my boyfriends part (this last part is questionable as far as I'm concerned though as I've invited them to ours on various occasions and attempted to reach out to them with nothing in return).Not only was hearing this, when I'm already trying to address the problem, horrid, but hearing it from my boyfriend and not from any of my friends I've supposedly hurt has really messed me up. I don't know how to deal with myself anymore. I feel like a failure who's just letting people down left, right and centre. Can anyone help me?
I always hold my anger in until I can't and when I do get pissed off its really bad. I just need to talk to someone.
